Beauty is only skin deep. These days, just turn on almost every commercial TV program, you will be overwhelmed with all kind of beauty contests and products that you may feel a total waste of time, money, and effort. There are forever two sides to everything so judging from what is happening on the media, we can see that too much emphasis is put on people personal appearance and fashion.

By paying models with amount up to six or seven figure, manufacturers and fashion houses try to create trends in society which, in turn, bring them revenue. From my perspective, it is totally non-sense to waste such a big sum of money. It is also not very good when the prize for some beaty contest is much higher than the prize for a national gifted-student contest.

As a consumtion society, manufacturers and retailers have to do their best in order to increase their sales. This is done mostly by promoting the self image of the individuals. However, this may create a false impression that only the ones with a beautiful appearance can be successful in life and consequently, people may be discriminated just because of their appearance, which is a bad thing.

Moreover, the level of development of a society is largely a matter of intellectual properties, not how beautiful the citizens may look. In addition, with example of people who have little education but are beautiful can earn milions of dollars, the young generations may neglect learning and studying as they might think it is unnecessary. If it is the case, the future of a country can be negatively affected since knowledge is the true beauty of people as it stays forever, unlike that of appearance which wither with time.

In conclusion, it is best to have a beautiful appearance and a good knowledge, too much of something is always not good as people chould live a balanced life. People may be stunned by your beauty at first, but they may admire you for what you have inside your mind and this last much longer than your skin deep beauty.
