It is a woderful world! When you are travelling in the street, you will see different people in different appearance. Even if you are very familar with one person, some day when he or she changes appearance, you may not recognize him or she any more. That is because the demand and supply for the appearance and fashion are so huge today! The following examples and reasons will strengthen my point of view.

Firstly, the money and time spend in personal appearance are more than before. Take an example for China, 20 years ago, people wear very simple, because the income should be used in much more import demand, such as food and rend. However, with the development of economics, people have more income and they spend much more money in appearance. On the other hand, as this field is profit, companies will supply more choices for people, so they will spend more time to choose the appearance which is suit for them.

Secondly, our current word emphasis personal characters  more than before. In old times, people take more attention to the crowds. If some one have a piece of  clothes the other havn't seen before, the other will ask where   it was boutht and buy ones. However, it is totoally different today. If some girl found the other wear the same clothes with her,  she will properly never wear that clothes again, because she will not be thought that she follows others.

We can talk more about the second reason, as I think it is the main reason that make people put too much emphasis on personal appearance. In current word, competition is very firm, the appearnce is very important 
for some one to get a good job or a high position. When we are given an interview for a potiential work opportunities, we will find many other copetitors. So, we want to have more attention from employers. A good way is to make our appearance is more different from the others. We can find similar examples in other issues in our life.

Generally speaking, more demand and supply in appearance, cobined with the purpose to make we are diffent in some situation, are the main reason that people put too much emphasis in appearance today!
I think with development of the world, people will put more and more attention in such issues.