When talking about the importance of one's working ability and personal appearance ,some people think that one's ability is more important than one's appearence, so we 'd better put more time on improving our ability than on our appearance. However, others just think the opposite way. To me, I disgree  that nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.

Firstly, the reason that I disagree with this statement is that personl appearance and fashion are become more and more important to our everday life, we should put more time on them. With  the development of the ecomomics, we find that more and more circumstances require us to pay attention to our appearance. If you are  businessman, could you choos to wear jeans to participate an important meeting. The answer  is absolutely no. A  suitable suit and a -nice appearance will surely gain you more respect from other people,so why not  pay more attention to your personal appearance?

Secondly, appart from the fist reason, there is another reason for my to support the idea that we need to spend more time on personal appearance and fashion.Fashion is also a industy, and its improvement not only reflects the improvement of the quality of our life but also help to improve the reputation of a company , a city and a country. For exsample , if you make a tour to China today, you will find the the  colorful clothes and the fashion style are quite common in big cities. However, can you imagine that 20 year ago, most of the Chinene weared in only blue ,duck green and black. What makes these changes? You may say, Chinese people spend more time on their appearance. In fact, behind this phenominan, it is the impeovement of Chinese life makes these changes. From our fashion appearance, more and more foreigner Know that China is no longer the old China and China has become more and more powerful in today's world.

Finally, due to the above mentioned reasons, the requirment of our work and improvement of out life all need us to pay more attention to our ourlooks.Therefore, I believe it is important for us to put more emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.
