Nowadays, personal appearance and fashion bacomes more and more important in our society. Some people think it is one of the most essential aspects of showing a person's situation, social status and so forth; however, others acclaim that people should not pay too much attention to the personal appearance and fanshion. In my opinion, I agree that personal appearance is more important than before, but I also think people should properly emphasize its influent on our live. Three reasons are listed as following.

First of all, one's personal appearance does reflect his/her personality and attitude. For example, people should pay attention to their appearances for some special occasion to show their respect. A clean and organized person will pay enough attaention to his/he appearance. Also, when attending some offical meeting or conference, it is not polite to only wear casual clothes. 

Secondly, however, appearance does not mean everything and it is not necessary to put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. Even if one's appearance will affect the impression of others to him/her, the real personality is much more important than the appearance. For instance, it is highly possible that a person with fantastic appearance is not kind and nice. 

Finally, some waste their money and limited time on keeping their appearance fashionalbe rather than using them to improve themselves. For example, the purpose of some young people  is only to have a fashionable appearance as movie stars. They only pay attention to themselves but forget how to get along with people and help others.

In short, although it is polite and necessary to keep an as good as possible appearance in our society, people should pay appropriate attention to this according to their ability and needs. There are some other aspects in our live that are much more important than having a wonderful appearance only. Thus, I agree that sometimes people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.
