What I call fashion in my home country (Hungary) is somewhat different from the fashion here. We don't have a population so diverse, we don't have so many races (blacks, orientals, hispanics, etc.) As I would say the fashion by us is not this diverse. I was amased when I first came here, how colorful people can dress. Usually we dress up more in a european way. It means a bit more conservative. When I first arrived here, I was amased how black "rapper-type" people can dress up. Pants hanging, long T-shirts, and even the things they put on their head is unusual by us. And I'm not talking about the baseball hats. I am pretty sure that they want to express their style, they want to differ from others, they want to belong to a group, they want to be 'cool'.

About how much emphasis we put on personal appearance and fashion? This is a question of the individual. Of course when I'm a businessman, I have to wear really formal clothes. Suit, shirt, tie and nice shoes are all required. Talking about a job interview, we are expected to wear an outfit similar to this. Even in the most casual company they expect the candidate to wear formal clothes on the first day at least.

Personal appearance is another question. I am sure about that some people look much better when they don't wear formal clotes, it just doesn't fit their character. Talking about ladies it's another question if they should wear jewelry and makeup or not. Some of the men like when they look natural, some of them wants them to look artificial. 

Since we are living in a free country, there are no laws regarding clothing. However there may be rules among different companies what is the clothing policy, it is far-far away from the arabic countries where the women are forced to wear a dress that hides everything but their eyes. I find it crazy that they even cannot show their wrist or ankle.

There is a famous saying: the cloths makes the man. We can argue about this sentence, but it is definitely true. If you are a girl, and you wear a tiny top and miniskirt, no matter how you look like, the boys will turn around behind you. Exactly the same by men - when you are wearing suit with a fashionable tie the girls will find you more attractive.

Bottomline: clothing is more and more used for self-expression purposes in the western world. You can express wealthyness, group-belongingness and also religion by simply wearing or not wearing some types of clotes. Nothing is black or white, nothing is bad or good, just different. And that's why our world is so colorful, that's why it is so diverse.
