In today's society, we are surrounded by ideal images through the medias, newspapers, magazines,etc. These images define what is fashionable and what is not, but also what behavior to have or have not. 

The young generation is the most affected by such popular images and university campuses, high-schools and even middle-schools look like fashion shows. 

Indeed, one's general appearance is the first impression people get and as such, it is what the society going to pay attention to. However, at school, one's appearance is going to define the person as "cool" or not and as such, as someone kids want to "hang out with" you or not. 

Fashion and appearance is to my point of view too emphasized. It is not about  one's personality anymore but about what one looks like. It is especially true for teenagers, especially true for clothing but also for make up, skin tone, hair color, hair style, etc.

The importance of medias in our everyday life is the first reason why students all look the same. Statistics have shown that teenagers spend 6 hours a day watching TV and spend in average 14 hours on the internet. As such, it is the best way for students to be influenced by "what is cool". The influence of TV and internet on teenagers also reflects the fact that  the American society is also a consumption society, in which stores keep promoting the "last new thing" to have, which put a tremendous pression on the students to stay up to date, and which promote the importance given to fashion. 

We see the same phenomenon with websites like facebook or myspace.com on which, according to students, one must have "a wall" to be cool.

Some parents as a result strive to keep their kids fashionable in a society in which most of what makes fashion is expensive. Parents also have to deal with teenagers who want to look like and be like such and such star. Most examples given in the medias and magazines are not to be followed but the importance we give to them results in the loss of values and real set examples. 

Some TV shows  like "tara", presented by a top model, have adressed this issue and demonstrated that a beautiful woman would get a job even if her resume is weaker than a woman who is less attractive. As such, it seems that personal appearance is what the society looks for instead of knowledge. This is true of the American Society but also in most European countries. 

The same thing is to be noticed in politics, in which one candidate must have a nice ideal family, a nice house in the suburbs, a nice physical appearance in order to be elected. It is not so much about ideas they promote anymore.  We have seen many women around the world being elected for the only reason they were women. 

As such, such a behavior can have serious consequences depending on whom they affect. Some teenagers commit suicide for such reasons, or are depressed because they do not fit into the society. But more importantly, countries could suffer from it if politicans are only elected for their ideal appearance. I do believe we need to focus our attention on values and personnalities more than on appearance and fashion. 
