I do agree with the statement that recently people seem to have started to care more about personal appearance and fashion. I will present some arguments and examples in support of my position.

First, the age we live in is marked by explosion of consumerism in a unipolar world where market mechanism has clearly taken over planned economies as was evidenced by the fall of Soviet Union, and, the successive changes seen in the governance of East European and Central Asian countries. Now, the print media and electronic media both are targeting consumers to otain brand loyalty from them more intensively worldwide. This brand loyalty is a product of fashion awareness of today's consumers around the world. Also, fashion is being touted as a vehicle to look 'cool' and 'hot'-which clearly refers to peoples' desire to enhance their personal appearances.

Second, we are witnessing a new trend. Currently fashion designers and manufacturers of beauty merchandises are mainly conducting marketing campaigns that explicitly target the teen age population. This new generation are really getting crazy about how they look and what they wear.
A typical teen today can be found working 'odd jobs' mainly to earn enough cash to spend them on beauty and fashion products. Most of the teens dream to imitate the lifestyles of their favorite movie stars or music stars.  

Third,  the older generations have also seem to have been influenced by this increased consciousness of fashion and beauty. Now a days fashion houses are designing 'cool' wears for senior citizens, and, the 'age defying' beauty products are now billion dollar businesses. Terms like 'consmetic surgery', 'cosmetic dentistry' etc. have only been popular in the recent decades, and, seems like they are becoming increasingly popular day by day. Now a days, TV programs like 'extreme makeover' 'sex and the city' etc. are incredibly popular among not only the members of 'generation -X', but also among the cross-generation viewers. And, terms like 'breast implant' 'face lift' etc. have become household words.
       
Considering above mentioned reasons and, examples, I am inclined to maintain that these days people are putting too much emphasis on  and personal appearance, and fashion.
