A few weeks ago, I asked my students here at GSU, in my class of ENG 1101, the meaning of the word "cool." At least 75% of the class answered that being "cool" meant wearing the latest fashion, the latest designers' clothes. This already tells us a lot about what types of criteria people consider important. Appearance is definitely one of those.

Personally, I do believe appearance is important, even more so in my own native country, France, where the standard sets that you should not be trying to find any size bigger than a 10. If you do so, you might run the risk of being "different" and therefore might risk to find your name associated with those we label "not cool." Our modern world, it seems, has set a standard of beauty which, to some extent, demands us to go to extremes.

The greatest works of literature and poetry have always defended another way of looking at people. Even if our sympathy might take the side of the knight in shining armour, in the end, we are reminded that the big-hearted hero, the princess of fairy-tales, the victorious character are to be praised not for how they look, not for characteristics, dresses nor the manners they would outwardly display, but for some inward "fortitude", some 'greatness of spirit, some generosity of the heart" which equated the modern term "coolness" with interior beauty rather than a display of skinny legs in the 2006 Levi's "skinny jean" advertized by some unknown top model artificially 'displayed' on the glossy paper of some magazine in some unknown bookstand. 

Yet, to read the sales figures of these magazines, it is easy to believe that outward display has become the new philosophy to live by: "lose 8 pounds by christmas" and be ready to "show off." Here is the latest slogan that you will hear on every single channel. What these ads sell is sex-appeal, emotional appeal: look your best, buy more. Pathos has reached its climax. It would even seem that the family values of Christmas have been replaced with showing off how much healthier, how much better, how prettier, you are in this nice little red dress. We are very far here from the Christmas tree covered with gifts for your children and your friends; we are very far indeed from the Spirit of Christmas. 

But too much of one thing becomes OK after a while: you may switch Off TV or skip channels, you will find Tyra, a former top model, discussing how much people suffer when they do not correspond to the standard of beauty that this society has somehow settled; She will help you have these white teeth and this perfect body that you have always dreamed of; you will find magazines, tabloids, selling the latest singer and the latest hero: if possible a young, blond, suave, sexy and muscular body who happens to sing ... 