There is a constant debate in what is a "good appearance" considered. Everybody agrees that a person has to look good in everyway. But the big debate is what is considered "good". Being a good human been is not just determined by how we look on the outside. There are many different factors thaty can make us a good person. Therefore, I agree that lately people care too much about appearance and fashion.

One example, and I personally think that it is the one that is every person's mind everyday, is "weight". The big mistery is which is the optimal weight for each person. People should watch their weight because of looks; but most importantly, because of health. There is a fine line between healthy dieting and weight obssesion. That is why everyday we see more and more all kinds of eating disorders like anorexia and bulimia that don't make healthy people. On the contrary, these deceases kill people while they try to look better and better according to their minds. Enterteinment had distorted the concept of a good healthy body reducing the weight and size standards to the minimum. Every day we see models and actresses skinier and skinier and that has become the new standard. Nowadays, there are more people that try to reach those standards and are destroying their bodies.

No extreme is good. Not taking care of us at all will make us look bad and start to live in more solitude. We have to take care of ourselves and our clothes, but in a reasonable way. We don't have to let us control our lives. Fashion, one of the most millionar industries in the past century is still alive because of people that only care about appearance and what people would say. Some people try to keep up with fashion and don't care how much money they spend in new clothes from famous designers. There are people that change their entire closet every season and throw away perfectly good and new clothes. In other words, people care more about what is popular now rather than their children education, per say.

In conclusion, lately people changed their values and they have them in the wrong order. People jeopardize their health for better looks or change their children education for better clothes. People put too much emphasis in how they look forgeting what they really are inside.
