I agree to the statement that people are cautious about their appearance and fashion nowadays. Because they are constantly judged by others based on how they look, they work out to keep in shape and buy nice clothes to look good. Using specific examples, I will demonstrate the emphasis people put on personal appearnce and fashion.

If you take a look at a magazine or watch television, you probably find a skinny woman with a smile showing astonishingly white teeth or a masculine and mascular man half naked. These media send the message of ideal beauty to everyone in society. For instance, the picture of Reese Witherspoon in a swim wear was posted on the recent magazine saying that she gained tremendous weight. On ther other hand, some magazine reported that Nicole Richie and Lindsay Lohan were too skinny and may suffer from eating disorder. Nicole Richie showed up on a talk show on television and said that she thought she was too skinny and would put some weight on herself because she did not want the teennage girls to think that they want to be skilly like herself. These examples illustrate that not only celebrities, but also the public, especially young girls, are very cautious about their appearance. 

Because of their appearance and fashion, some people are put on the stereotypical labels, while others are evaluated favorably by others. Overweight people are considered as lazy and as not controlling themselves. As a result, they may be declined a new job. In contrast, people who are in shape and dress nicely are regarded as competent as a worker and liked by people. There is a television show called "What not to wear." In this show, people who dress badly learn how to dress nicely. The hosts repeatedly say that people evaluate others by their looks first, therefore, it is important to dress nicely and appropriately based on the occasions. From these examples, I can tell that the society emphasizes appearance and fashion.

Personal apperance and fashion are emphasized in this society a lot. I sometimes think that people are too cautious how they look to others. It is good to dress nicely, but overemphasis causes problems such as eating disorder or psychological trauma for those who do not satisfy the ideal beauty. We have to be careful not to impose the ideal beauty overwhelmingly.
