Yes I believe that many people tend to but to much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. But on the other hand I must admit that I am the first to notice peoples appearance and make a judgement based on that and therefore a would also say that no, I dont believe that to much emphasis is put on personal appearance and fashion.

I believe that there is a very fine line between taking an interest in ones personal appearance and being obsest with the fact that one must have alle the right fashion to be accepted. 

I personally am very concerned with my personal appearance and what clothes I wear. I also like to follow the trends of fashion. This makes me feel good about myself and I would be lieing if I said that the oppinions of others didn't mean a thing. Og cours they do. I believe that we all at some point want to accepted and appriciated for our appearance. I would also arguee that when it is clear that a person takes a great deal of interest in his or her own appearance it sends other signal about that person. For example when dressing up for a presentation in class you show that you take an interest in what you are doing and that you put in the effort of putting on some nice clothes. With this in mind I belive that it is important to take into account personal appearance. 

On the other hand I also think that in some situations the emphasis on fashion is out of hand. Lately there has been a lot of media attention to the fact that models were getting too skinny and that it was sending the wrong message to young people. I belive that to be true. In this case there has been put way to much emphasis on the fact that one has to be skinny in order to be accepted. This obsetion with waight has influenced many young girls and made them way to critical about their personal appearance. 

Certain fashion brands have also been given much attention in the past time. And in some circels it has become a must to own forexample a handbag from a certain brand. This can also be seen as putting to much emphasis on fashion, when it becomes an obsetion for somebody to own a particular brand. 

In cases like the ones discribed above I believe that nowadays some people are putting to much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. 
