The problem on hand is whether nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fasion. Some people say that people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. However, some people believe that people need to pay more attention to personal appearance and fashion. Basing on my personal experience and knowledge, I believe that people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.

First, the makeup products are very popular and profitable now. I do not know the exactly number how much the average of the people spend on the makeup, but I am very sure how much my girlfriend spends every year. It will be more than 5000 RMB only in makeup product. Everytime when I tried to compain this expense, she always argued that any women in the country and in the world buy more products. Especially, her collegues and her friends influenced too much. They also spent more and more. Do you think that people need more makeup products nowadays. My answer is no.

Secondly, women and men spend too much time and money to pursue the fasion. The same quality shoes have difference price that depends on the fasion. It is no doubt that everyone loves bueatiful, but sometimes some fashion is not as good as imagine. It is loved by people only because others say this is fashion. Therefore, everyone try to buy it even very expensive and takes time to find it. Everyday, we can hear that people complain that there is no time for this or that. If they save the time that use to find fashion, I believe that we can do more meaningful things.

Last but not  least, fasion industry has inflenced people too much, even the teengers and children. Then it will cause when this generation grows up, they will try to emphasis more on appearance and fashion. Meanwhile, the information era makes everyone access more fashion information. For instance, you can find hundreds or thousands fashion website and you read many different fashion magazines. All of them stimulate people to emphasis more and more on their apperance.

In a word, today people put too much emphasis on apperance and fashion. If they can change even a little bit, they will save a lot of money and time that could help them to do many valuable things.
