Nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. Looking at the world today this seems to be the situation. People are more conscious towards their appearance than ever. Fashion had always been there, but it was only limited to the business world and the entertainment industry. People did not put too much emphasis on the fashion, rather they liked to be neat. 

Now, with the exposure of the booming fashion industry and means of communicating information and massive advertisement campaigns. People are getting more conscious towards themselves. In this never ending information exchange cycle, people are looking to create a self identity so that people may recognize them.

Everyone wants to be popular, and popularity is not definied by an individual but the people who recognize you. There are two basic ways to be noticed, first and the hard way is to be known for your inherent talents, skills or traits. Developing a talent takes immense hardwork and time; the other way that is the easier path is to look fashionable and popular. Mostly everyone chooses the easier path, thus personal appearance and fashion are becoming so popular amongst individuals. 

Personal appearance which at times involves fashionable clothes can very easily make a person popular. At the same time poorly dressed individual with no skills would find it difficult to make friends. Even in the business environment, it is recommended that one must maintain a standard for personal appearance as it reflects our inner self. 

"First impression is the last impression", a common saying in the business community. For an individual or group to know your talents and skills require tp interact with a us. The first impression that we give a person is by our personal appearance. Thus, its an important aspect of our social life. 

With the increase in interaction amongst individuals with the usage of the information technology tools such as internet, it has emphasized the need on personal appearance. Therefore, its obvious from the argument that people would put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. 
