Nowadays, we can find many things about personal appearance and fashion. When we go to a job interview, we have to wear a business suit, at least business casual. If we go to fance party, we need to dressed up. Also, we can find fashion show, fashion magzines everywhere. Then, some people will say: nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. But I disagree with them. I think it's good to pay attention to our appearance, and we just put right emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. Why I said that? There are some reasons in following.

First, putting enough emphasis on our personal apperance shows the respect to other people. For example, if we go to a job interview, the people come from company weared business suit to interview us,  but we just wear jeans, that is not respect them, also that shows we are not care about that job. Another example is if we go to a party, the host prepared that very carefully, and dressed well, but weared very bad clothes. What will the host think? They would think we are not care about their work.

Second, wearing good clothes can make ourselves feel good. Here, good clothes doesn't mean expensive clothes or clothes with good brand. It means the clothes we like, we think that is good. Sometimes, if we wear a clothes we like, we will feel happy for ourselves, or even can improve our self-confidence. We want to do something we like to do, we want to eat something we like to eat, then, why we don't wear something we like to wear? If you have a presentation, everyone dressed very well except you, you might feel embarance, and less your self-confidence with your presentation.

Certainly, if we put too much emphasis on our personal appearance and fashion, especially, if we want to buy many expensive clothes just for comparing with other people, then that may waste time and money. 

So, I think pay enough attention on our personal appearance and fashion is good for both other people and ourselves. Spending too much time and money on that is not good, but nowadays people put right emphasis on that.
