I being a women, definately agree that people nowdays put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. It has always been like this way, and it applies everywhere in your daily life.

When you go for an interview for a job, the first thing your manager looks at is your appearance, your dress code which is an important factor because that's where the manager gets the first impression of yours. 
And if you are well dressed, having fashionable clothes on, slim and pretty, it will give you a good start on your interview.

If you go to school or college and your appearance is dashing and your clothes are according to the latest fashion and if you look like an model , it won't be a hard thing for you  to make girlfriends and boyfirends, everyone will be attracted to you and be willing to know you. Also it will get easy for you to get help in your class projects, presentations and other classworks.

If you go to a mall or a club or a party, if you look pretty and dashing, all the men will be attracted to you physically, they want to be friends with you, buy you a dinner or a drink or will ask you for a date.

First I used to think that this is wrong and this is not what it should be. People should not be attracted to each other just beacause they look pretty and they have a good figure but that the reality, even when I was thinking about my ideal husband, i was thinking of his apperance and very little about his nature. i was wishing for a husband, who is tall, dark and handsome. I am not very pretty and doesn't have the perfect figure, even though I was looking for a perfect guy. If i can think that way then i won't blame other people about it.

The personal appearance does matter, because we people really go for material things and fashion is definately part of it. We do get attracted to charming people which I now think is normal. If one person is keeping himself updated to the fashion and making the effort to keep his body in shape then that person deserves to get everybody's attention.

I know some people go really extreme on the figure and looks these days, but we should not make our decision about that person wholly and solely on the apperance but I definately agree that nowadays people are puting too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion which i think is partially right.
