 I don't particularly agree with the statement. I think it depends on the status levels of the groups of people in discussion here. For example, the ones well off would probably think on these lines, whereas the ones at a lower level of the society have other rudimentary agenda such as survival, basic education, etc in mind. 

     Besides, personal appearance and fashion are terms we've heard for decades and are not new concepts. As for the question of whether they are more emphasized these days, I doubt it. I would mainly attribute the increased prevalance of these terms in daily life to the media's influence on the same. Thanks to the development in technology, with newer, faster and more extensive channels of communication, the smallest events are exageratted and made known to a greater mass of people.

    True, one may argue that because of the media's brainwashing, an average person under the influence of the everyday news or the several shows that run on TV may indeed be subjected to an unconcious change in lifestyle. But personally I believe that humans have always been concious of their appearance. The individual's ideals always remain the same. Only the amount of information in the outside world about fashion and the like is more in today's world.

     The underlying concepts - fashion, religion, governments, etc - have always been there. Of course there's always a constant change in the methodologies involved. Fashion statements change all the time. The kinds of clothes people wear evolve over time. What was in vogue yesterday isn' t today. There's always some new terminology cropping up everyday. But a non-materialistic person would see the world through the layers that prevail on top. Skimming past the details will present a simple template of a few concepts.
  
    Another observation could be that we tend to spend more on clothes these days. True, but we are spending more on everything else as well than our predecesors did a decade back. With more disposable money these days, increased expenditure is not a valid criteria to evaluate our issue.
 
    One more thing that obviously hasn't changed is that youth is where the fashion talk is. Once you cross a certain age, you are blind to it!
