Vogue? Cosmopolitan? Jane? Who hasn't heard of these magazines? We live in the world where fashion now is a bandwagon word. Everybody wants to look good, everybody wants to be attractive, everybody wants to be aware of the latest fashion trend and keep up with the Jones's. 

I am riding on the train and listening to what women next to me are talking about: 
- Yesterday I bought a new pretty jacket, just like Jessica Parker's!
- Oh how swell!

As we are witnessing mass media is doing  a great job in promoting the ideals of beauty and attractiveness. All those beautiful models on catwalks and in magazines drive men crazy and make women go on diets and take pills to get thinner. Flash! Smile! Flash again..."You are beautiful" sings Christina Aguilerra in her song. 

I guess the desire of people to look good and to be fashionable dates back to ancient times. And it's not only nowadays when people began to pay attention to how they look. Remeber French historc movies with the luxury of women's dresses and men's sophisticated outfit! Isn't that gorgeous? Fashion has been with us in all epochs at all times.

So I think think taking care of your appearance and dress is in human nature. I think people want to look good and to be fashionable, becasue it speaks of your personel success. There has been a research that demonstrated that we tend to attribute better qualities to people who look good rather than to those who don't. In the United States the biggest compliment you would like to hear is about a deliberate attempt that you have made to look better. 

Besides, there are so many of us, that there is just a simple need to stand out. By the way we choose to look and dress we identify ourselves with a particular subculture, with a certain group taht shares our interest, occupation, style. So I believe that thinking of how you look is not such a bad thing, and it's just natural for all human beings as it reflects who we are as personalities. 

However, we shouldn't forget that beauty is only skin deep, and that real attractiveness that we emit should come from inside.
