It is pervasive that women are complainting that they are too fat and they need to loss weight, and men want to put on muscles. What caues this phenomenon? It is emphasis on personal apperance and fashion. 

It is natural that people value physical appearance. Genetically, physically good looking (handsome, healthy) ancesters are more likely to have successful offsprings. After all, human beings is a kind of animal, it is instinct to value others from their physical apperance. The same for fashion, human beings are social animals. In a society, there has to be a main strain of fashion and the members would follow to maintain their membership.

However, people does sometimes overemphasis personal apperance and fashion, which have a negative effect on the society. First, in job interviews, if two applicants have the same qualities, but one of them has a better looking, it is very likely that the better looking applicant will get the job at last. Sometimes, the situation gets worse, people may tend to hire a better looking person with less abilities which is unfair not only to the less good looking person but also to the society. All in all, who we need to do a job should depend on the ability. Appearance that can help complish the work better. 

Second, people judge others from their apperance and in most cases, those judgements can be wrong. For instance, a received view of apperance is that a pretty woman usually does not have a smart brain or does not work hard for she benifits too much from her beauty. However, there are a great many of woman who are smart and pretty and they work hard. As a result of the discrimination against them, their efforts are always taken for granted. The situation is even worse for people with less attractive apperance. They are usually ignored, however hard they work, they are less likely to get praised or be encouraged. 

In all, to me, though emphasis on apperance and fashion is human nature, I still hope that in work environment, people can seperate physical apperance and work ability. In this way, everyone can be judged by their performance instead of some superfical factors. 
