Nowadays, as the quality of life is getting better and better, people are not only focus on food, but also put some attention on some other stuffs, such as clothes and make-ups. As far as I am concerned, as the life quality is improved, the technology has developed, and based on the nature of human, one can never tell people has put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. The specific details will be presented bellow.

In my opinion, the most important reason for people's concerning on appearace and fashion is the improved quality of life. These days, the increased out-put of food prevent people from hunger, and the developed medical skills make people more healthy. In that case, people will seldom worry about the basic living matters; so they have rights and energy to look for a better life quality--- they will try to put more emphasis on their appearance. 

Moreover, I stand on the point that the advanced technology also gives people more time to spend on searching for fashion. Everyone knows that, after the invention of car, people's life became more and more convinient. Before it appears, one has to spend a long time walking to work, to supermarket, or to camping. Much time has been wasted on such tiny things. However, now those time can be saved, and people can use this amount of time to read some fashion books, for example. ELLE, watch some fashion shows, as well as shopping. In spite of car, the semi-prepared food, the TVs together with other machines can save people's time. If one has more spare time, he can handle it as he wants. One can never say people has paid too much attention on clothing if people are using their spare time to chasing fashion.

Last, and also the most essential one reason is that wanting to look beautiful is the nature of human beings. Backing to the human's history, the use of make-up can be traced since ancient time; and using feather to decorate themselves is also a part of fashion in old days. so, it is human nature to spend time on appearance and fashion. Under such circumstances, I still believe that people are't spend too much time on clothes.

To sum up, I still hold the point that people are doing what the God gives them. Since people have already solved the problem of hunger and unhealthy and developed new technology to save their time, it is wrong to say people have put more time on fashion. They do put energy on that, but the attention is properly used.
