In this time and date, there is much emphasis placed on personal “individualism”. As such, I disagree with the statement that says that people put too much emphasis on personal appearance.

Firstly, there is more to personal appearance and fashion then the skin-deepness this ideology seems to reflect. In all truths, these are two important factors that shape and change the way people think each day.  However, to many people it is important to look and dress their best; not to mention to appear well groomed from head to toe. This is in reflection of the term “metrosexual” which applies mainly to men.

It is to universal understanding that one’s personal appearance is a somewhat accurate judge of the person’s character. This holds true in most, but not all situations. For example, a person who shows up for work with hair uncombed and clothes unkempt may be least expected to produce quality work in his time at office, for if he cannot pay close attention to his external appearance, what more does one expect of his work? On the other hand, a absent-minded professor may appear in the same condition but his work may reflect the absolute opposite; meticulous, detailed and very much thought over may be the case.

As for fashion, I feel that fashion is a way for many people to exude their individuality. This applies with today’s generation of youth, where fashion styles come into play and may change at a whim. Their fashion allows them to tell the whole world who they are, and what they are really about. This trend can be seen all over the world; it is not restricted to a certain culture or area. However, some may also argue that many youth use fashion as an outlet for their teenage angst. In the same spirit as the beginning of this paragraph holds, at the end of the day this is where they wish to let their individualism show.

In conclusion, I believe that people nowadays do not place too much emphasis on fashion or personal appearances. It is not a crime to want to make sure one’s clothes are neatly ironed, and crisp to perfection and well tucked in. Neither is it wrongful to want to follow the latest fashion trends in the name of looking good, which ties in with one’s individuality. Of course, at the same time I do not condone spending an excessive amount of time (<3-4 hours a day) on preening and such other activities. The fact of the matter is, one can either show little of no care, or a lot of care in regards to personal appearances and fashion. As such the matter at hand should be in defining what adheres to the definition of the phrase “too much emphasis”.
