Since the last decade, people started to give too much importance to the world of fashion. This subject was debated before, very long time ago, even back to a few hundred years, but after the telecommunication advanced and people all over the world could see fashion shows on many TV channels and read news over the Internet the subject “fashion” explodes all over. Millions of dollars invested in shows presenting the beauty of clothes (fabrics and colors), jewelry, especially diamonds, hairstyle, makeup and so on. Not only the stars (actors, singers) became interested in this subject, but also normal people after admiring the beautiful creations on TV wanted to have them for themselves, of course in the limit that money will allow them and they can afford. As you probably guessed from my descriptions above, Yes, I totally agree that the looking and the style are very important nowadays, especially from the woman side. And the woman that will say that the answer is different, I think she has nothing feminist in her. The woman should be different than man, should have a very good appearance but, of course not only this. There are many other things that a woman should have besides makeup, jewels and hairstyle, for example she should have intelligence, culture as well. In my culture, for example, almost every girl becomes interested in fashion since the early ages. And maybe my opinion can be a little influenced by this. Sometimes, the society where we grow up has a tremendous influence on our selves. I do not try to convince everyone that this is the best way, but this is the way my society showed me. And I think that all of this should be respected as long as we can afford from it. If many people are poor and they cannot afford at least they should try only to arrange themselves and try to be clean. This is respect for others around us and anyone should do even if they like to be ignorants.

As a conclusion, it really happens that the importance of fashion increases day by day, but I am wondering until when? Does anyone know if the world of fashion will increase its limits?? 

