I agree with the statement. People are envious creatures and will do anything to stand out from the rest, and the easiest most common way to do that is to change how one looks.

That said, it must also be acknowledged that fashion and appearance have everything to do with the culture and society it is found in. A cosmopolitan New York 26 year-old might not share the same taste in shirts as a similar aged fisherman on the coast of Indonesia.

We have many ways of primping ourselves, the vast majority of which being aesthetic in nature. We invest a large chunk of our salaries in new haircuts, new clothes, new shoes, and in the extreme cases, a whole new physical appearance through plastic surgery.

There are many, many fashions round the world, but none as demanding and as fast-paced as the fashion scene in Europe or North America. These 2 regions alone may be responsible for the epidemic self-doubting that undeniably shrouds every person who has access to a television set or computer with broadband internet.

Plastic surgery is the epitome of man’s overemphasis on appearance. While the industry started off having a reconstructive purpose, today we find millions of people lining up to erase a couple of wrinkles from the corners of their eyes, or pay thousands to place a synthetic polymer into their lip to make it seem perpetually swollen.

This trend is infecting the younger generation each day. Men and women alike now find themselves buying into fads such as crash-dieting and non-(insert required food group) diets. Celebrities show up at red carpet events sporting new chins, noses, and breasts. Our self-esteem is toyed around with every time we look at them, the works of their proud doctors.

Youths must be injected with self-esteem all throughout their growing processes and taught to appreciate the real value of what we were born with. Only then can they become self-respecting adults who will not be fazed the moment crow’s feet show a hint of appearing.
