Appearance. Nowadays it has become such a big word that it determines how one’s life is going to turn out. I am not talking about one’s life in general. Fortunately, this is still defined by one’s communication skills, general erudition as well as in-depth knowledge of a certain subject, and, last but not least, determination. I am speaking about one’s daily interactions. With this in mind, I will have to say a manifestly yes to the statement that people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion today.

Walking around campus, taking a bus, or entering a café or a nightclub, you will always catch glimpses on you and may even hear others talk about how cute or plain you look, how fashionably dressed you are, and the like. 

One fine morning, I was running late and was trying to make it to the campus on time. Naturally, I cared about nothing else but that and, therefore, did nothing to make my hair look perfectly done and my clothes to look preppy enough. In this moment of rush I just slipped into the jeans that I found lying around, put on a T-shirt and left. Soon enough I was approached by a friend of mine. Instead of properly greeting me as I would have expected him to do, he started his conversation with giving me a lecture on how a “good boy” should be dressed to be noticed and liked (yes, he used this exact word) by others. He also added that being cute is not enough. Cuteness (apparently the reference was made to my cuteness) needs to be backed up by proper clothing and style.

The same night when I went out I faced the same problem. For my feet hurt that day, I had to wear my comfortable but not that fashionable boots. A girl, who I was trying to make friends with, bluntly denied her interest in me based on the fact that “my shoes got her thrilled.”

Both of these conversations made me sit down and think about it a little. The conclusion that I came to is as follows: the issue of appearance and fashion is taken to such an extreme that it has become quite a fetish. And it has been taken to such an extend that there is nothing else left but to comply with it.
