I confess people put a lot of emphasis on personal appearance and fashion, but I don’t think it’s too much. In every period of human history, people put equal emphasis on appearance and fashion as what we do today because appearance is so important to human being.

Appearance is first of all a sexual attraction to human being and thus it’s important for inheriting. In ancient time, man selected and chased woman and woman selected the ones with best appearance. The study now believes that the better appearance, the better genes the man takes and transfers. Nowadays, people select their spouses not only by appearance but by other factors such as personalities, education, and financial situations. But appearance is still important in their selections. Beautiful girls and handsome boys are always more popular. It seems to be an basic instinct from our ancient presosers. So it’s natural for human beings to put emphasis on themselves and make themselves look good.

On the other hand, to modern civilization, good appearance presents for good manner, good education and good training. No one wants to get along with a person wearing in rags with terrible smells. A bad appearance disturbs people around you and you should avoid doing so because this is so impolite. Appearance also reflects your education and your social position. That’s part of the reasons why there are so many ‘fashions’ here to instruct how to dress and make yourself what you are. Students have their fashions most times as causal looks while employees would dress more formal. Bosses will dress in famous and expensive brands and workers will dress in their uniforms. The whole society is divided into different classes so orderly and everyone plays his role partly by his appearance. 

The third reason is that appearance and fashion are part of human culture and history.  Every time period has its own fashion to reflect its own spirit. No matter it’s the military style during the world wars, or the hipy style during the sixties, or the rock and rolls in the ninties, they are part of the spirit of that time. And they are even part of human history that you can learn much from them.

In a word, it’s natural for human beings to put emphasis on appearance and fashion. Take care of your own appearance and make sure you are showing the best of you to others and yourself.
