I agree with the fact that nowadays people put too much attention on personal appearance and fashion. This kind of behaviour could be seen in several ways, such as the way you dress, how much make up you use, your hair style, the stetic surgeons and the amount of light and diet products you consume every day, among other things. Moreover, even if sometimes one could think that this is a behaviour related to women only, that is not true at all, this kind of behaviour is also related to what men do.

In order to be more specific with regard to what I stated before, I would like to give some more detalis. First of all, we pay a lot of attention to clothes we use, and do not have any trouble in expending a lot of money in buying something of a famous brand, even if the quality is not good. The fashion industry is doing a great job for their own interests and we seem to follow their directions without complaining. One way to see this is to take into account the amount of time you spend each day selecting what you should wear.

Then, almost the same happens with things like hair style and make up. Of course this is more related to what women do, but men are starting to do more and more about this kind of things each day. The industry that is behind this products is not only the ones that manufacture them, but also the media, becouse lot of money is being invested in advertising of these products. 

Third, in the last 15 years one of the things that one sees more and more are the stetic surgeons in order to better off the appearance. This is something we are starting to get use to, in the sense that we have stopped to critizice people who have had this kind of surgeons, and moreover sometimes we consider that this decision was correctly taken. We are seeing that each time people close to us have had this surgeons and we do not complain.

Finally, we must also take into account that even if we are putting lot of attention to personal appearance, it is also true that lot of people just do not care about that, one example is the current problem about overweight, that is affecting a lot of people all around the world.
