People nowadays pay too much attention to personal apperarance and fashion because we are overexposed to comercial adds that suggest us how to dress, what make up to use and so on. The marketing of these products is amazing, and this industry makes a lot of money trying to convience us to use those products. In my opinion they are doing an amazing job, because hundreds of people actually buy those products and use them even if they do not look as the models in the adds.

Everybody likes to look good and be admired. I consider this is the main reason people use buy all kind of products to feel that way, however in my opinion if you need to buy certain cloths or wear certain make up to feel good about yourself, you have a serious problem with your self esteem. It is good to wear something because you like it not because you think you will look better, those are opposite reasons. When you wear something because you like it you automatically look good, because you feel good about whta you are wearing. In contrast, if you wear something because you think you will look better, you are giving that piece of clothing, make up or else, all the power to define how you are going to feel, and this is not what it should happen.

I think that a more strict regulation on the amount of fashion   and personal appearance adds shoul be implemented. For instance, in a magazine there should not be more than five adds related to these topics, and the ones published there should inlcude models of all sizes, not only extremely thin models that do not represent the vast majority of people. Also this regulation should ask the clothing manufacturers to include all sizes from the same pieces of cloths, so everybody can wear them if they decided to do so. and this regulation should include all kind of media, not only magazines.

In conclusion, people should be aware that emphazing their personal appearance and wearing all the latest fashion can only benefit them if they feel happy about themselves, if they accept who they are no matter what they are wearing, this can makes us all happy.   