I do believe that people these days are engrossed with their external appearance. A walk through any high, middle or even elementary school, or a casual trip to the mall or to the movie theater should be enough to convince people about the veracity of this statement. 

In my opinion the biggest culprit behind this phenomenon is the media in general, and the television in particular. People across all age groups are constantly bombarded with unrealistic body images epitomized by the leading actors and actresses of today. Even celebrities are not immune to this relentless pressure for the perfect body; dietary defects like bulimia and anorexia in the likes of Lindsay Lohan and Kiera Knightly (vehemently denied by both) are by no means isolated examples in Hollywood.

Modern society has long started gravitating towards consumerism, and  I think that we still haven't seen the worst of it. The female body, and increasingly the male body too, is constantly glamorized by the advertising industry and used to sell everything from cookies to prescription drugs. Normal girls, who are not born with the genetics of a Heidi Klum or a Naomi Campbell, struggle endlessly in an impossible battle to live up to media-induced images of perfection. Grotesque psychological disorders like bulimia are the result. It often takes years before adolescent girls come to grips with reality, and these disorders have exacted a devastating toll on their health and psyche by that time.

Young boys are also subject to this "Perfect Body" pressure; kids as young as 12-13 years old have taken to steroids and other untested dietary supplements that promise them bulging biceps and triceps. More often than not, these supplements are laced with hormones such as testosterone which hamper normal sexual and physiological development; in many cases, the damage is irreversible.  

But the youth are not alone in their misery; middle-aged people can also suffer from acute image consciousness. A generation that practically invented consumerism as we know it, is now finding itself consumed, spent and ready to be discarded by a society obsessed with youth. These people have resorted to drastic measures  (such as surgery) to enhance their appearances; the Consumeristic Age is no age for aging gracefully.

I personally hope that someday soon we will all rediscover the truth in the age-old cliche: It's what on the inside that counts.

