Over the last decades due to the advertisements in mass media people have started to to put too much importance on personal appearance and fashion. Mass media has been used as a way to shape what people believe, what they think wnd how they act. Therefore giving too much importance on personal apperance and fashion have been a trend whic many people have been following for many years. I personally agree with this statement that people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion due to the following reasons.

The importance of personal appearance in most areas has been a main concern of many people.  The ways people look and dress are considered as the indicators of who really they are. Therefore we tend to think that personal appearance is the reflection of people's characteristics, life styles and beliefs. This is true to some extend that we reflect who we are on our personal appearances. However it is not the only indicator of ourselves, therefore giving too much importance on personal appearance can leave us prejudges about others which do not define who really they are. In other words how we seem may not be the only indicator of ourselves. For instance dressing in a formal way everytime does not generally mean that we are smart. 

Second, I am agree that fashion is also one of the trends that people put too much importance nowadays. People want to follow the fashion just to look like the others who follow that fashion. Therefore they can belong to a group of people who act, talk, dress and behave in a similar way. Fashion is also supported by mass media and people who follow fashion are believed to be modern and trendy.  However putting too much importance on fashion make us loose the details and valuable characteristics of ourselves. For instance we dress like a certain fashion, however does that fashion really reflect us? Therefore fashion make people act and think in a similar way, eliminating thir creativity and authenticity. 

Due to the abovementioned reasons, I believe that putting too much emphasis on fashion and personal appearace limit us to reflect who really we are. Instead we become as one of the people which mass media tries to create. Instead, we should just try to be ourselves without the limits of any fashion and trend. We should create our own understandings and beliefs which could show who really we are. 
