I agree with the above statement that nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearence and fashion. For example when you meet someone else you first look for how she/he dressed, are those have a trade or expensive. Moreover, nowadays it is very frequent that when people sit and talk to each other they mainly talk with regard to where they bought their dresses or how much was it. These kinds of conversations may be some of the indicators of that the people have given too much attention of the others appearence rather than the character. 

As I am a research assistant at one of the universities in my country, I have a chance to observe what my students take into consideration of the relationship between the people. In the courses I generally observe that students wearing the fashionable clothes become somewhat more popular and many students especially girls try to attract other people in the class with wearing expensive and fashionable clothes. Besides, when I listen some of their conversations when they have break, I realize that they mainly talk about their appearences such as hair style, the color of their eyes, if they have contact lenses, and where did they buy their clothes. On the other hand, this may be one of the efforts in order to start communication or try tio reach that people by means of talking about his/her appearence which is more objective than talking about someone"s thougths or ideas.

Furthermore, it is essential to have close relationship with the people whom you are talking in order to talk about more depth issues. Therefore, we can say that the people talking about only appearnence or giving attention to appearence prefer to have more slight relationships rather than establishing more depth and close ones. 

In conclusion, I totally agree that people put too much emphasis on personal appearence and fashion. But, there are many examples that some people gain reputation with their characters or the sympathy they have even they do not have a consireable attarcativeness or they do not wear expensive clothes. We are very aware of the fact that it is the character and the shares that connect people and create close relationships between them.
