It is hard for me to tell whether people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion nowadays or not. I would rather say that it depends on a situation and on people. 

Nowadays when mass media plays a tremendous role in the life of our society, TV and Internet are probably one of the most influential sources of information. Meanwhile, they are also the main "dictators" of fashion. Thus, for example, celebrities and politicians that are usually the main focus of mass media inculcate in people a strong belief that personal appearance is one of the main keys to success. 

Young people for whom mass media have apparently become an indispensable part of their life are greatly influenced by current tendencies and beliefs. Even small children now realize that personal appearance plays a great role in contemporary world. No wonder that female teenagers, for example, try to use make-up and dress up fashionably in order to attract other people's attention to them and to be more successful in many different ways. 

On the other hand, there are many people who do not put much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion, but believe that there are other, more important ways to gain respect and achieve success. For example, the current Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, has been criticized for being ignorant with regards to fashion and personal appearance. However, she managed to gain much respect not only among Germans but within the whole European Union community due to her amazing leadership skills and eloquence.

Finally, there are always people who do not or rather can not care too much about their personal appearance and current trends in fashion. Many of these people live in rural areas or in developing countries and, as a rule, are from low-income strata of society. Thus, peasants and farmers from such countries, who often do not even have an access to television or the Internet, put emphasis on personal survival and the survival of their families rather than on personal apppearance and fashion. 

Overall, I believe that people's attitudes toward personal appearance and fashion depend on many factors. Therefore, it seems impossible to make some generalizations and claim or deny that nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. 
