We are getting richer. It's the fact that no one can deny. It's also the reason that make people put much more emphasis on appearance and fashion. Putting emphasis on personal appearance and fashion is important and never enough. It's not only help you look better, feel more confident in real life, but also bring you more chances of successful. I still remember my sister's situation last year, 2006. In May, 2006, she graduated and tried to find a job as other friends. After two week searching in Internet, my sister found one, at last. Vietnam Data Communication Company (VDC)  needed an accountant for its sub company. VDC is a big company in my country, so this must be a great opportunity for my sister. It also means that she had to face to more challengers, more competitions from other candidates. 

My sister sent them the application, resume and all other related documents. After few days, they called her and set an interview. Need less to say, my sister was so nervous and a little bit excited (as she said to me later). She prepared everything, found every information about this company with hope that she could pass the interview smoothly. 

The interview day came, in this morning my mother, as usual prepared our "traditional breakfast" for my sister with noddle and watermelons. That's my mum favorite because according to her, the red color of watermelons can bring luck to her daughter. I was assigned an important task too, it was driving  my sister to the company. In the way to get there, we got an accident. One man bumped into my bike when I tried to cross the road. It's not a serious accident, but unfortunately it made my sister shirt a long scratch, and made it dirty also. We tried to buy another shirt but it was so early in the morning, no shop opened. My sister again starts nervous, and it seemed she was crying behind me. "I have to do something," I thought. Rapidly turned around the bike, I went straight to my girl friend's home. At least, my girl friend could have something for my sister instead of this dirty shirt. As I thought, my sister got a new shirt, but it was not really fit perfectly. It looked not so fashion too. 

Time didn't give us chance to get a better plan, so she, my sister, went to the interview without a good appearance. 

Two hours passed slowly, I waited her outside the building.It was one of the longest hours I'd ever experienced. My sister went out without smiling. That told me everything. She failed. She failed even though her profile was perfect. In the way home, she told me the reason. She failed because the interviewer said that what could she do when she couldn't even care about herself. The clothes gave my sister a large negative point in the interview. 

So from that time, I knew that fashion and appearance give you more than you think. 
