Everyday on the television, advertisements about make up products, ways to build up an attractive body, or even food that can help you keep fit shown in almost every channel. The fashion broadcasted from the television program is quickly "learned" and "absorbed" by the society and everyone starts wearing like in the model in television. Nowadays people do put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion because of several reasons.

To be noticed by others is one of the reason. Everyone will have the feeling of being wanted, being noticed and being needed. In order to do so, they have to look special than the others. Beautiful girls, muscular man, attractive clothing and etc are those few things that get others attention easily. So, people start buying make up and expensive clothing so that they can be the attention of the public. 

Other than that, public's views is also one of the reasons. In our society, people will only be given respect when they dressed well. The clothes that you put on will represent your status. The waiter in the restaurant will serve you more politely if you are wearing a high class and expensive clothes, comparing to a t-shirt with jeans. It is the public itself that brings up the need for the public to dress well, and to be fashioned. 

Next, is the needs to search for partners. Girls that are beautiful are always the attraction for boys, and boys that are handsome are always the attraction for girls. As a result, people tends to dress well and make the appearance as good as possible to attract the other half. Why girls will wear a mini-skirt even in cold weather? Why boys go to gym everyday to work out? The answer is very obvious, that is good appearance can attract the others.

Last but not least, putting too much effort on personal appearance and fashion might cause one to neglect their study and spend all of their money on unnecessary things. We should dress neatly, but not dress fashionly, and look confident in ourself, but not look beautiful because of tons of make up on your face.
