In my opinion i strongly agree that personal appearance is very important in this modern age of science and technology. Personal appearance and fashion can help to enhance our lives by boosting our self-confidence and help us to success.

In the area ranging from college to the working world personal appearance and fashion make a huge difference in the way people look and think of you. Often times people despise those who underdress for certain occasions. The proverb" Do not judge a book by it's cover", no longer apply to the society nowadays. The world tend to be blinded by the physical beauty of this world. I still remembered clearly that when i was in high school, the fashionable perople tend to mix with themselves. Being just a simple guy and not knowing anything about fashion always being outcast by people. Another instance is when I was at a transition in my life where pimples started popping out of my face, often times people then to shut me away when I'm too near while talking to them. Now, I've learned to have a little sense of fashion helps to draw more friends to me especially friends from the opposite sex. I've used a lot of acne products to get rid of the unbearable low-self esteem, I do not feel shy approaching people as well as standing out front talking in public. Personal appearance and fashion really a very important factor to help boost self-confidence.

Beside that, personal appearance and fashion help to bring success regardless in college to the working world.
For instance, when you go for and interview first impression is always very important in order to obtain a particular position in a company. You do not want to put on a ragged set of clothes for an interview nor leave your hair uncombed and messy. Even in career interview talks, people always emphasis the importance of personal appearance.It would be really embarrassing if you would not do so as others will give you a very unpleasant look. Moreover, dressing well and appropriate will help always makes life more exciting and contributes to a positive mindset which will in the end help us to success.

In conclusion, personal appearance and fashion need to be empasised even for the days to come as it will enhance our lives by boosting our self-confidence and help us to success. A person who lives without that will have difficulties living in this world that is blinded by the physical attributes of this world.Therefore, there's always a need to make the best out of yourself through personal appearance and fashion.
