Someone say that nowdays the TV, newspaper, and radio pay more attention on personal appearance and fashion.  I do not agree with it.  my reasons as follows:

First of all, how many time people usually pay attention on personal appearance and fashion?  Everyday we spend more than 7 hours to sleep and spend 1 hour to eating and drinking.  In addition, we spent 8 hour to work and spend more than 1 hour on the road.  However, we still need to spend time to deal with our family. How many times we leave to rest?  It is very little time that we can use to care the personal appearance and fashion.  Does it much?  Certainly not. for example, i am a student, had to spend more than 12 hours on my study and I hope I can have double times than others, How can I put emphasis on personal appearance and fashion? It is not only me, but also my classmates and my friends and their friends do not have much time.

Second, although we live a easy and happy life, we still need to do other things. which part people put attention on personal appearence and fashion?  just some youngers and some childrens.  must people likes My parents do not pay attention on persnal appearance and fashion at all. they pay more energy on how to make the family live more comfortable rather than those things.

Finally, but not least important. The personal appearcan and fashion need money and energy.   Although most people who likes fashion has energy, they not have money. If they want earn more money to offer the cost of personal appearance and fashion, the time and enerhy which they spend on fashion will less.  So people had to earn themslves firstly. After that , they can to put much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.  the time and energy leaving for them are very little.


Personal appearance and fashion is not the most importan thing for everyone, and we can live a same life without it.  people just use it to kill time. Everyone has the different interests on everything. So it is not that people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.
