It is a natural tendency to judge someone or something based on their external appearance, because often that is the only or first thing we have access to. There is some validity to this statement. A person's outer appearance is representative of whether they take care of themselves, and whether they respect themselves enough to care about the way they look. For instance, if someone does not wear clean clothes or shave or comb their hair regularly, that is a pretty good indication that they don't care about themselves. And if someone doesn't care about themselves, it tells us a lot about their personality. At the other extreme, encountering someone who takes hours upon hours to get dressed, and who will not be seen without extensive makeup and fancy designer clothing, too, gives us an indication that perhaps they are too self-obsessed and overwhelmed with relatively shallow concerns. 

I would argue that someone's personal appearance is an indication of their personalty, but we must also keep in mind that there can be valid reasons justifying someone's odd appearance. For instance, maybe someone is unshaven and dirty-looking because they recently lost someone they loved and temporarily lost an interest in life, leading to neglect of themselves. This is a perfectly understandable situation and my view of such a person is different from my view of someone who is unkempt and unhygienic simply because they are too lazy to take care of themselves.

Fashion, on the other hand, is different from personal appearance. People have different opinions on fashion and many times what one person likes, another despises. In certain circles, wearing the latest and most fashionable clothing is a status symbol, and I do think in most cases this crosses the line of reasonableness. This is true with all status symbols of course --- people who try to "keep up with the Joneses" always spend too much time and effort impressing others. There is of course, no rational reason for this. Owning the most expensive and fashionable (which does not always mean most attractive since the vagaries of fashion are notorious) clothing is a waste of money and effort, and is a clue that that person puts other's judgments above their own.

A moderate amount of attention to personal experience is probably the best way to go. Looking good makes a person feel good about themselves, makes interacting with others more pleasant, and reflects an attitude of caring about oneself. Too much or too little attention to appearance is usually an indication of low self-esteem: at one extreme, a person does not care how they look and pays no attention to notions of civility, while at the other end of the spectrum, an overly fashion-conscious person indicates that they derive their self-worth from what they look like and not from their true personality.

I personally always try to keep in mind that someone who is shabbily dressed might have a perfectly legitimate reason for it. I might notice someone's appearance, but I would try not to form an opinion of them without further interaction with them. Similarly, it is possible that an over-dressed person has a good reason for it (perhaps they never get to dress up and it is a special day for them.)

Judging someone by their appearance is tricky because often what lies beneath belies appearance. This doesn't mean that appearance is useless; just that its inferences should be taken with a pinch of salt. 
