People are conscious about how they look and dress up because looking good, looking young and being fashionable is a multi billion dollar industry. The stakeholders in the race of exceptional personal appearance are the fashion designers, the retail merchants, the cosmetic industries, pharmacies, health food and health care industries, the print and the electronic media.  


People put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion these days because these trends are promoted in the media. The print and electronic media generate billions of dollars marketing the good looking images. The media bombards the audiences with beautiful pictures of very slender and thin models, actors and actresses. These people probably represent a very minute fraction of the society, however, they are the ones who dominate the covers of various fashion magazines, the prime time on several networks and channels, the internet and the silver screen. It is hard to avoid such an assault of all sensory perceptions and to ignore all the messages these symbols and images convey. 

Right from their early childhood, little girls play with Barbie dolls that are an icon for the good, the beautiful and the fashion savvy. Playing with the Barbie doll has an implicit and covert message for the young girls: Barabie stands as a role model for them to follow and copy. However, research has shown that the Barbie doll is grossly disproportiante. If her body statistics are applied to a human female of a certain height and weight, her feet would be larger than her legs and she will not be able to conceive and to give birth owing to the narrowness of her waist.  Young boys are being socialized in the similar manner as they play with overly enlarged plastic versions of Batman, Spider man and the like. The size of the miniature plastic toys and figurines have increased termendously over the recent years indicating that being big and muscular is good and something to strive for. 

Looking good does not necessarily translate into being healthy. Thin people might not be enjoying the benefits of good health that comes from a well baclanced diet rich in essential minerals, nutrients and protiens. 
Even though people are placing a lot of importance on looking good and being fashionable, obesity is a grave concern in the Western world. Obese people are not represented in the mainstream media. There is a lot of pressure on them in a society that is obssessed with good looks. There some degree  of shame involved in being fat. Fat people suffer from low self esteem and are almost ostracized which is painful for them as not only they suffer from health complications owing to their not so healthy life style, they also suffer social isolation. Obesity has become almost an epidemic amongst children in the last decade or so which has drawn some level of concern from the health care professionals. 


Looking good is a primitive desire and a natural instinct in all human beings. However the multi billion industries are playing on this desire and promoting un healthy rather dangerous trends amongst the masses.
