These day a considerable number of people tend to put too much emphasis on personal appearnace and fashion. I strongly believe that there are some significant problems with our social, culturan and other involving problems of it. The rationale behind this is that people would like to win from all of competitions around them from their hassles of daily lives to success in their career. Furthermore, the media which is all around us all the time manipulate and create people's needs and wants by creating new products over and over again to fulfill their needs to be survive.

  Competitions of our lives are getting severer and harder for one to achieve her/his goal because our society is getting more complicated and requiring to achieve their needs faster with more improved solution for new technology to meet their needs in appropriate time. Consequently, the way people wear and look has become one of the competitions. And it also represents people's social status and even their personalities from a glance of a person's appearance. In fact, there are certain rules about how to wear or what to wear for proper situation to get better impression from others such as putting on black suits for business meeting, fancy dress for dinner appoinments and any others like certain colors for certain events. Moreover, that kind of rules has made bigger competitions not only for appropriate clothes, but also turning out to be as another competition not appeared as its orginal competition. I think it is not a good sign for our society to put too much emphasis on it because it is too time consuming and wasting resources of our lives and also creates unappropriately stressful affairs with concerning about appearance. 

  In addition, the media manipulates people's thoughts and always tries to recreate new gossips and news. And hollywood stars who want to be famous and get attention are likely to show their sense of fashion as much as they can. Especially for people who spend most of their time watching TV or surffing internet are easy to follow those new trends and they put significant amount of time and energy to consider about fashion and the way they would like to be seen just like a hollywood star. 

  At least but not least, I strongly belive that those media and too much competition are not only about the specific people who tend to focus on fasion and appearance too much, but also can be the problem which could spread negative effects on our society in the future. Even though expressing theirselves with appropriate outfit and color is good way to satisfy themselves and to apply to their success, too much concentration would affect to negative side effects on our society with abusing resources and time.
