Yes. I do agree that nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. This is especially true in a country like America where social acceptance is often based on physical appearance. For example, most companies and producers are found of using fashion models in their commercials and advertistments. For most americans, products must be "sexy" and being "sexy is not unconnected with having the proper physical appearance. 

There are other reasons why I agree with this notion. First, unlike before (e.g., in the sixties and seventies), there are now a large number of television shows, magazines and other media outlets that focus on apperance and fashions. for example, there is the "what not to wear show" on TLC, and, "the complete makeover shows" on most television networks.
These shows encourage and motivate most peeople, especially women and teenage girls to spend a lot of time keeping up with recent fashion trends.

Second, there are evidences to suggest that people are more concerned with their physical appearances than in previous decades. For example, the society now places much emphasis on girls looking slim and fit. Also, boys and men are encouraged to build build their 'muscles' as a sign of masculinity.  The recent trends in the incidences of anorexia and bullemia support the notion that most teenage girls are not only concerned, but also, obsessed with having the acceptable physical appearance.

Third, the recent trend in plastic or cosmetic surgery indicates that people have strong desires to look good. According to some national statistics, cusmetic surgery is a multi-million industry in the U.S. For those who find the cost of cosmetic surgery too high in the United States, reliable third world countries such as Brazil and other South American countries prove to be a safe haven. 

In conclusion, I believe the three points described are above are sufficient reasons for me (and anybody for that matter) to support the notion that nowasdays, people put more emphasis on their physical looks and appearances.  
