Some people think that their abilities are the most important in order to survive in a competitive society, while other people think that their appearance is much more important than their abilies. I think that these days people focus on their personal appearance too much. That is because their goodlooking and fashion makes them have an opportunity to get a job easily and to get advanced in their workplace. 

First of all, due to their appearance, applicants for jobs are likely to get a job easily. That means applicants who are handsome and beautiful are preferred by interviewer in companies in Korea. For instance, I have two friends. One graduated from top-ranking university and got a high GPA, but she was not beautiful. 
The other was so beautiful, but did not have a good GPA. However, the latter received a lot of offer from good companies. Finally, my former friend had to get an plastic surgery to get a job. To survive in competitive job markets people tend to focus on their appearnce and fashion regardless of sex nowadays. 

On top of that, peope who put empahsis on their appearance and fashion tend to get a high position. That is, people are generous to person who is fashionable becasue he/ she looks neat and responsible for his work. Let's compare two people. One does not care about their fashion and appearnce. If other people see him/ her, they think that this person is not professional because of their appearnce. On the other hand, the person who cares about thier appearance and fashion seems professional and responsible for his work. Usually people tend to regard him/ her as a trustful person. The more he/ she gets trust from people, the higher he/ she get advanced in their field.

In conclusion, recently people have no choice but to put too much emphasis on their appearnce and fashion because they get opportunies to get a job easily and get a high position in their field. Without respect to sex, people in modern society are likely to care about their appearance and fashion. However, the most important thing is that people have to build up their abilities, not appearance and fashion in order to survive in a modern society.
