In this fast speed world, people do not have as much time to get to know each other as they used to. However, due to the social nature of human being, people still need communication, coorperation, friendship and love which are all required interpersonal activities. So the problem comes, how can people know each other in a fast way? Nowadays, the answer is obvious: judging other people by their appearance. How to attract other people in the first expression? The answer is dressing up and being fashion. The willing of being beatiful is human nature, but this fast pace world forces people put too much emphasis on personal apperance and fashion.

First, in order to being appealing, people spend too much money on clothes, shoes, rings, etc. My roomate is a ordinary college girl. She spends almost 100 dollars per month to buy stylish shoes, clothes and earrings. She works 8 hours per week.Compared to her wage, which is 6.25 per hour, the money she spends on these things are half of her income. The college tuitition is high and textbooks are expensive. She is quite cleaar about this points, but she still spends half of her salary on thes things in order to being appealing and popular in college. She always tells me if you do not look good, people will never pay attetion to you.

Another evidence on this arguement is that the manufactures of fashinable clothes, comstume, ect burning their money on advertising. Why they spend such a fortune on advertisement? Because the market is huge, most people are willing to  at least try their best to become pretty. Why people are so curious about being pretty? Because the society emphasize on personal apperance and fashion.

In this fast speed society, people are busy, and almost everyone does not have much time to pay attetion to other people. In order to shine themselves up, people spend too much money on things which could make them look better and the manufactures spend a fortune on advertisment due to this curiousity. That's the reality nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal apperance and fashion.
