Yes we do. No argument here.

And yet, the problem is that our appearance represents the first thing other people see, and there is no getting around that. Until the day a given person's whole life experience can be instantly downloaded into my mind, thereby affording me an in-depth view of this person's very soul within femtoseconds, the way he/she appears (in terms of outward behavior, clothing, grooming, etc.) will give me the only viable interface until the chance for a more intimate acquaintance presents itself.

Is this an evil thing? It's just that we don't have a choice. Sure, we could try to form a more precise mental picture of another person by, say, asking his/her acquaintances, co-workers, and friends to share pertinent information with us (a little paranoid, that). However, that would only give us a circumstantial picture, far removed from the preciseness of first-person interaction.

So we are stuck with the package at the beginning, but this is the good news: it's only at the beginning. The more we see someone, the more we understand about them. at that point, we can usually figure out whether we are looking at a shallow pond or at something suitably more oceanic.

Appearance also gives others a sense of how much we value them, given the context in which they interact with us. Are we shabby and unkempt at the MLA conference? If that's the case, then we aren't doing so well. Yes, one should look beyond appearances and fashion to the substance underneath, but there is a difference between an over-the-top fashion statement and simple attention to appropriate dress codes. Shabby and unkempt at the MLA? Chances are we do not do splendidly in our soul either.

Ultimately, I believe it's a matter of individual cases. If you keep your eyes open, you will not need to feel threatened by  shallowness. If it's there all the way you'll see it. Otherwise, you'll discard appearances once they have ceased to be your only insight into your interlocutor's nature.
