It is tempting to make strong judgments based on one's experiences. I have always the feeling that wherever I go it is the rainiest, hotest, driest or coldest year. It does not mater that hard data signals averages. The only thing that matters is what people believe. Another example are the students that use old exams for preparing to new exams: up to day I have not heard the first student saying "Oh gosh, this was easy. Indeed, it has been the easiest exam in ten years." On the contrary, people always complain about hard the exam was, and of course, how unpredictable and unfair the proffesor was.  All this to say, that I agree with the fact that people put quite a bit of emphasis on apersonal appearance and fashion, but I do not believe that is a "nowadays" thing.

If we let our imagination fly for a while - perhaps helped by a Discovery Channel's recreation from some ancient time, we can easily see women concerned about looking good and atractive for the handsome warriors that were around. I am pretty sure that as today a nice pair of sunglasses are fashionable, back in the Roman empire a nice sword or helmet was quite desirable. Further evidnce can be found in the jewelry of antique  civilizations in Egypt, Central America or China. We could even see that patterns of beauty and fashion change across time and civilizations. Europeans of two centuries did not find beauty in emacited women - we love them!. Some African tribes put rings on their girls' neck because they find tha fashionable, and so forth so on.

At the end, I think, personal appearance and fashion are linked with two of our most primitive insticts: sex and herd behavior. By being pretty, clean, with a nice body we are more likable and able to mate (who does not like to be liked?). By following fashion trends we can satisfy our need to be a good sheep in the heard, wearing what is acceptable fashionable, no matter how silly it is.

In summary, I agree with part of the statement, but not in the sense taht things are just getting worse over time, but simply, we are humans who like to look good, feel good, but always in company.
