"Appearance and fashion is just like a gift cover paper. They might be able to give good impression to other people at the first glance, but they cannot cover up your personality once others starting to really understand you." This is the most commom phase that people used to tell other's not to care about appearance and fashion too much. In my opinion, this is totally wrong. Caring about appearnace doesn't mean that you are trying to cover up your ugly mind or anything like that. However, having good appearance and fashion is becoming a kind of politeness in the world today. I don't think the emphasis on personal appearance and fashion is negative toward people, rather it is the trend in 21st century.

Would you rather wear a suit to the interview or wearing just a T-shirt to a serious conference? How you show your appearance to other people is starting to become the politeness or respect that you act toward other people. People will definitely have good impression toward you if you come to the job interview with a formal suit. It is not that having good appearance is enough and your personality is not as important. What I mean here is that personal appearance is the key to getting in touch with other people. People without good make up or formal suit will be less likely to attract other people attention instead they will lose their chance easier.

Fashion shows have become one of the most impotrtant event in young people's ming these years. Why do they care so much about fashion, alot of adults might wonder. The reason that young people care about their fashion is becausse this is their way to intereact with each other. A man not on the trend of fashion is easily ignore by women. A woman with messy hair style will have hard time to attract men on the street. Fashion these day is different from fashion before. It starting to invlove more and more into out real life, the way we interact with each other. I will say that this is not a bad thing. However, this is just a new way of intereaction young people share in common.

It is an unavoidable fact that fashion and personal appearance starting to weight heavier and heaveir in our everyday life. Once people get rich, after they possess all their basic needs, they starting to use their money on thing that makes them look better. This is the trend of higher class society and it will become more and more serious by days.
