The Importances of  Personal Appearence 

People often say the beauty of the inner self is the real beauty of that person, and personaly appearence is not important at all. I disagree with this statement. One cant control the natural born beauty, but one can show how much him/herself care about themselves by showing others how much they care about their personal apperence. By doing so, him/herself often gets more confidences and as the result, they became a better person either in his/her personal life or carreer. I am one of the examples.

Personally, i put alot of emphasis  on personal appearence and fashion. The reason why so, is because i dont look as good as celebrities. As the result, i want to put more time in this subject that i am not as good in to make myself look better. Everyone in the world is not perfect, and i am sure everyone have some areas that they are not happy with. Some people might have problem with their academics, or some people might have difficulties in their communicating skills with others. In these kind of situations, we often find solutions to these problems. One who is not happy with their appearence, as so, they put more emphasis on their personal appearence and fashion is just to make themselves better people. When people think they are better people, they often have a higher confidences among themselves. And when they have higher conficences in themselves, they do better in their carreers, and other subjects as well. Take commericial as an example, why commericial often use celebrities to attract customers since they look good. If one feel that appearence and fashion can help them achieve the goals they are planning for, no matter how much time it is , it is essential to spend on it.

Putting time and effort on personal appearnce and fashion is not a waste of time. People by putting more emphasis on their personal appearences is because they feel the needs to in order to archive whatever goals they are going for. Thats why i think nowadays, people didn't put too much emphasis on personal appearence and fashion.
