I agree with the above opinion patirally. I think that people put more emphasis on personal appearance and fashion nowadays since the improvement of technical and the increase of kinds of stuff for appearance and fashion. However, I also think people have emphasis on other things, such as education, safety and health. I hav two reasons to support my opinion.

First of all, along the improvement of technique, we have lots of stuff to make us become more beautiful and attractive, which is the necessary condition for people to spend more time on their appearance adn fashion. In the other way,  people have time to do that also result in the improvement of financial conditions, which make sure people don't need to consider whether they can survive or not and then you have energy and time to consider other thinks, for instance, their appearance. It is also the necessary condition for people to emphasis on fashion. Everyone wants to be an attractive one and everyone wants others like them. And we have conditions to bacome a good people, so we do that. Following, people put  lots of emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. It is the natural result to emphasis on that in today's world, since we don't need to trouble that how to get food and how to make sure our live. So I think it is reasonable that people have that emphasis. As for me, I also spend lots of time and money on making myself more beautiful and lovely, because I want people like me more and I have a better mood to do my own work. 

However, I don't think that emphasis is overemphasis. Nowadays, people have lots of stuff to care except their appearance. I think they also spend lots of time on other things. For example, people very care about their health. People more care about the improvement of hospital conditions and go to hospital to ensure their health very often. They also eat more healthy food and have regular exiece. To do that, people always spend lots of time and money, but they do that since their care about their health. Another example is that people also emphasis the safety. Everyone cares about the safety of the surrounding of their house. Americans always have a guy for protecting some emergence. You can also call 911 for any danger. Americans hate war and they like peace since their want to be safe. This is always true in any country. Everyone wants  a peace world since they want safety. People also emphase education. America students are free until they come to college. Lots of examples prove that their emphasis are everything they need to do.

In one word, I think it is not right since people have kinds of emphasis. But also I agree that people have emphasis on their appearance. 
