Everyday I turn on my computer to read news paper. There usually are a couple of topics regarding hollywood stars' clothes, diet methods, and sometimes their plastic surgery. I could also find there are a bunch of arguments that are related to personal appearance and fashion. From my experience, people put much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion nowadays. 

I often visit a portal web-site which typically includes political, economical, and everyday life issues. The most interesting fact is that I could usually find tens of topics regarding stars' change in their appearance. For example, one lost one's weight significantly, the other one successfully made one's nose look better. And typical people's arguments on the topics follow. For example, "I'd rather make that nose like this", "She gets really beatiful after losing her weight". Although, such potal web-sites couldn't represent all the people out there. Nowadays, the internet world certainly represents some of younger generation. Therefore, I could conclude that some young people put emphasis on personal appearance. 
 
Once we move on our everyday life, the similar circumstance happens. Last winter, I participated in a discussion group for ESL students. As a part of it, we read a survey paper and discussed it. The topic describes how personal appearance affects job interview processes. The survey from job interviewers turns out that personal appearance, of course, affects their interview processes. There are a couple of appearance which could negatively affect. The most negative appearances were poor grooming and inappropriate clothes. The reason why they care about it was that applicants' appearance somehow represents their loyalty and social ability. 

These examples help me conclude that we usually put emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. But, I want to put out the words "too much". We usually make a decision based upon our experience(sometimes emotionally or reasonably). That experience typically comes from our sensory information, e.g. sound, image, reading and etc. We also know that eyes could give the most rich information about the world. So, it's natually that we could highly rely on the information from the eyes. Therefore people tend to put emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. But it's natural and not too much. 
