Fashion, hair style, and make-up are the most important things that peopel always concern. Especially young girl, they too much care about how they are looked by others; they spend a large amount of money and time to sartisfy themselves. However, thier too much emohasis on apperarence is extreme, and i do not agree their idea although to pay attention to their looks is not 

Extreme attention to their looks contribute to negative impacts on their health. Many numbers of women try to lose their weight because they regard skinny as beautiful. They do not eat enough to keep being heathy and try some strenge medicine. Even the girls who are in average weight attempt to be in diet. Usually, their way of losing weight is not medically correct, so they become unhealthy; some of them get serious sickness due to diet. People should find that too much emphasis on how they look is wrong and to be healthy is most beautiful.  

In addition, to be looked good in terms of their fashion is pointless; and they should spend their time and money for another purpose. those who highly care their appearence spend most of their money on clothes, cosmetics, shoes, and bags. They buy much more than their basic needs.  Instead of spending so much money, time and energy, they should do something that give a nice influence for them such as traveling,readig a book, going to a musiam an so on. 

Generally, they always follow something currently popurar and attempt to adapt up-date fashion. For instance, my hometwon, Tokyo, young women always try to keep up with cutting-edge style, buy expensive European and American brand bags, try high cost cosmetics, and go to hiar salon every month. Ususally these girl's taste are affected by media such as television and fashion magazine. They go to shop in order to buy the prducts that are introduced in television programs and magezine articles. They are niethier fashionable nor original because everyoone looks same due to one standard of fashion that is created by media.

In conclusion, people should not be so much sensitive about their appearence, and at the same time media mush stop to promote this trend. We need to notice something that more important than appearence. 
