For the most cases you cannot argue that personal apperance and fashion is really important for many famous people. However this is really important for normal people too, unfortunately can we say. A lot of people are suffering because there is a pressure to dress proper and how you look. The problems are just lining up: anorexia, lack of money, personal problems and many other things. People are trying so hard to look like their idols, and spend way too much time on their looks instead of having fun and just being themselves. There was this big thing about Ugs this winter, almost every girl wore them, even though they aren't working well. The girls used them so they wouldn't look different, and so that they could wear what was cool. I don't think the looks is as important as they want it to be, I feel that we should just try to be ourselves, and let our personality decide who we are. The looks also depends on what group you are hanging out with, if you listen to rock you should have long hair, if you train you should show that with walking around in training clothes and running shoes. I am myself a pretty decent athlete, and I don't feel any urge for showing off anything. The problem nowdays is that we think too much about what other people think about us, instead of following our own principles and enjoy life. Another important subject is as mentioned earlier, the fashion subject. Why does the name on you pants mean so much? Well, there could be several reasons, it could fit you better, or as it usually is, it looks cooler. But it's not always a bad thing to try to look good, it's one of the most natural things you can do, all animals and plants does it too - trying to impress the others, especially the opposite sex. So why should we walk around with hidious clothing? There isn't any reason to try to choose the most ugly sweater you can find on the market. But after all, the pressure is way too hard and too expensive. Personality should decide more than it sometimes does. Take the prime example; Paris Hilton, wearing the most glorious and most expensive clothing there is available. Do we still think good about her? No, we usually don't, because she is extremely stupid and doesn't have any other features better than others. In the natural world, the best looking lion gets all the girls, the flower with the prettiest colors gets the insects, all this because they are better suited and stronger than others, in the human world, this is not necessarily true. Once again, think about Paris Hilton, stupid, weaker, no stronger and better personality than others, some people say she is pretty, I strongly disagree. The only thing she got is a father with a huge amount of money. Money, the keyword of us humans trying to look good. We want to appear rich, even though we might not are rich. Spending every dollar we have getting our ugly Ugs and other kinds of apparell only to change our personal apperance. 
