I totally agree with this sentence which is many people focus on the personal appearnace and fashion. To support this topic sentence, I would like to show several examples on the disadvantages.

When people try to get a job, they need to have an interview with future career employer. Unfortunately, some countries or cultures prefer to have good looking people rather than not good looking one. Even if the ugly looking person are more likely to have good GPA and recommendation, but employer would like to have good looking person. 

Most media, especially TV program introduce the appearance and fashion with hollywood stars, actor(or actress), or singers. I believe that all stars are looking very nice because public like to see their nice looking. Similary, since the Internet were spread out in the world, I've seen many website to introduce how to dress up nicely, how to cut hair, where is the best place to get a plastic surgery, etc.
It seems like to much waste time to talk about thier fashion and looking. 

We also have "Beauty Pagent" event annually in the most of countries because people put much emphasis on the appearances. I couldn't find any big event as Ugly pagent in anywhere. I think people just want to see the body, face and very little thier comments. 

So many peple would like to get a plastic surgery. It doesn't matter whether old women or young girls, even older men. Funny thing is that many actress in my country looks like so similar because they got a plastic surgery with famous physician. Another example on the plastic surgery is that the "Swan" program which is ugly looking people can get an opportunity to get a plastic surgery so they look totally different than before the surgery. The most strange thing was that peopel really like to see one's extremely different looking. So I assume that people are more likely to focus on the beauty and fashion for superficial appearances.

However, most important thing is that we need to put more time on inner appearance. I believe that people who spend lots of reading and thinking are better looking in one's mind and more consideration thoughtful. 
