Nowadays, in our society people want to consume more and more. We are strongly influenced by the media and the advertisment in the way of consuming. People care about their clothes and also about others'clothes. Therefore, I think that we can for sure say that "people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion".

Now, people judge others in their ways of talking or in their personal appearance. For instance, a guy who have some glasses and is spoty can be considered as a nerd or someone you spend his life in front of his computer playing video games. The major part of the people won't talk with him just because of his appearance but this guy is maybe one of the most interesting person you will never meet. I think it is stupid to judge people based only on how they look like. 

Because people are now judged with their personal appearance, they will need to emphasize on it and be sure that they look nice. According to how you dress you can now define yourself. So if you want to be someone trendy, you will try to buy all the new beautifull clothes that you can find. You will spend all your money just in your appearance. When you are looking for friend you will try to find some people who look like you. Therefore, the relationships will be only based on materialistic things. 

Nonetheless, this statement is not true in each part of the world. I think that it is true only in western countries with some differences in each city. Thus, more a city is big, more people will put emphasis on personal appearance. For example, I think that in the Minnesota students do not care about how they look like but when I went to NYC I noticed a big differences. People try to be nicely dressed all the time. In the University of Minnesota you can see some people who go in sport pant in class or with some basic clothes. However, in France you will never see someone who go to class in a sport pant, people will do their best to look trendy. I think the French people as well as Japonese people are, in the world, the population who emphasize the most in personal appearance.

In my opinion people should care more about the inside of the person than about the outside and his appearance. I know that even me I sometomes judge people too quickly and I regret it. I also know that people judge me. Our society is like this we can't change it. 
