I remember a quote from Andy Warhol who commented on himself: "I'm a deeply superficial person". This quotes was criticizing the increase of superficiality in the 21st century. I think that today, especially in the western world, all lot of people are worry about their appearance. I don't think it is necessarelly a good thing.

In the US nowadays, society is a lot more based on image than years ago. The televison and the internet bring images and videos in people's house, increasing the importance of appearance. Also, the rising of capitalism at the same time had increase the need for independency and differentiation between people. One of the strength of capitalism and one of its weakness is that we have more and more products available. In the past, if we wanted to buy a jean we had only one model of jean. Nowadays, we can choose between hundreds of models in only one brand. So, when you want to buy a jean, you have to worry about what model you choose. And this model you choose will influence how people perceived you at the first sight, because with more and more products available, brands decided to create "branding persona" in order to sell. So if you buy a specific brand, you will feel this persona and you can adapt it to your behaviors, habits, personality...If you buy a Nike's pant, you have the feeling to be a sportsman for instance. And with brands more and more part of our everyday life, a lot of people perceived impression througt brands, so it becomes important to worry about what we buy.

In my personnal experience, I changed my mind about superficiality these last years. I thought I was not the type that worry about his appearance. But when I came to the US, I changed my mind. I began to love being well dressed according to my personality. I feel like people can read who you are nowadays throught what you buy. They can see througt your general style if you are this kind or this kind. Now when I meet someone, I like to understand who he is quickly. Most of the time we have a first impression based on appearance. I can understand that a business man wear a suit because he wants to make a professional first impression. The same thing now happen not only in business, but in everyday life because people want to make a good first impression.
