In the acient time, the only personal apperance people care about is to cover the necessary private part of body. As time passed by, people begin to pay lots more attention to how they look like, the colorful clothes, pretty jewery, nice shoes. The word called fashion came out. All these are reasonable cause it's kind of human nature. As we say, "everyone likes beautiful things." Some people think it is a waste of time and money, but I dont' think so. I think this is really reasonable and necessary.

It is respect to others of paying attention to our own personal appearence.  In the public communication, we have to dress formal or just follow the dressing code. This is really nessary. Try to imagine someone wearing cripy shirt and jeans appears in a formal important meeting. People will think him unreliable and not taking the meeting seriously. Then if we wear clothes that doesn't fit the envirement, how people will think of us? Also no matter when, people prefer talking and working with those who dressed nice because they look much more reliable.  This will "force" people to pay more attention to their personal appearance.

Fashion makes the world more beautiful and full of happiness. Girls wearing skirts and pretty earring, white high heel shoes and curly blond hair make the world beautiful as fairy tale.  What are these? Fashion! Fashion makes this world alive. Without fashion, the world will become like an old black and white movie. On the other hand, people dress themselves up,  feeling happy and confident. People see others dress up wonderfully they will also feel happy. That's why we have people work on this, they design clothes for people, make the world more beautiful. As this job never lack of people doing it, it has already been proved that people need fashion.

So I don't think people are putting too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion because it is respect to others of paying attention to our own personal appearence. At the same time, fashion makes the owrld more beautiful and full of happiness.
