Along with the development of our society, people's lifestyle has a great change. More people concern about their personal appearance and they put more emphasis on fashion. 

Today, many information and products about appearance and fashion show around us. The media is the main tool to spread those information and products. When people watch the TV programs and read the fashion magazines, the most attractive images are those hansome men and beatiful women. The attractive images make people to think about their personal appearance. Because, people also want to look hansome or beautiful. Therefore, they emphasis on personal appearance and fashion to try to make them look good.

The job requirement influence people's method of appearance. Nowadays more jobs have a requirement about the appearance, like models, TV anchors, and so on. These jobs all have great income. People want to earn more money, so they try to get good appearance. 

Our life is filled with fashion products. Most of people think, the fashion products can make them looks good. So they emphasis on fashion. Then fashion products are really popular today. They have a big market to satisfy people's requierement. 

For both men and women, physical appearance is really important now, so people care more about their appearance. People who have good physical appearance can get more opportunities in our society. They can have better jobs and higher income. So men and women try all the ways to make them be close their expectations, like plastic surgery, steroid drugs and so on. Lots of women do the plastic surgery to make them look like supermodel, and many men also take steroid drugs to be more muscular. Generally, these methods are bad to people’s health. They only can change people’s physical appearance in a short period. The potential harm still exists. But men and women do not care much about their money and health. Nothing is more important than the physical appearance to them. Men and women should know clearly about their attitudes. Then their expectations will be closest to real perfect.
