I agree that people put emphasis on personal appearance. However I don't think it is still too much.

I strongly believe that appearance is very important. Tninking about the first time we see somebody new, no one can deny that we immediately and automatically judge them from how they look. That is the first impression and the influence is quite strong and lasting long. We have to do that instinctive action because we don't want to see any dangerous or harmful people and no one want to fall into a danger.

There are some people who insist that they don't care about perosnal appearance and personalities are more important.  I don't believe that they have never judge other people with their appearance.  They must be doing and they don't want to admit it or at least don't notice it. All people have our own personal preference,which is usually relatied to what they are used to see, and there is no problem to have it. Studies and researches have shown that more attractive or prettier people tend to get better things in their life becuase they are liked more by other people. We all have seen, in our life, uncountably many real examples that tell us that appearance is very important. 

Keeping our own neat and tidy is also a social manner for living well in this modern society. Even if we don't have biologically pretty face, we can put make up, wear clean cloths and behave well. The reason why this is a manner is because we should try to avoid to making other people feel bad, not to make any unnecessary conflict and live together  peacefully.  If someone who belive that appearace is not matter, don't care how he looks for other people and actually looks disgustingly messy, he is lack of sociability.  Human beings cannot live alone and must cooperate with other people, which means that we cannot escape from caring other people.

However, I don't say that our inner personality is not matter at all.  After the first impression, as the times goes by, many judgements of perosnalities follow and we all know that there are many people who have pretty face but unlikable characters have lost their friends eventually. Also, if the empasis on appearance becomes too much and turns to be a obsession, it is also unhealthy and that is a problem. Unfortunatelly there have been so many people who fall into this problem.  

It is very difficult how we can keep the emphasis on appearance  within am appropriate range and don't go too further.  We have to try hard to see ourselves and think occasionally about what we are doing about appearance.
