Fashion and persosnal appearance are argumentative perceptions.  What we see on tv,magazines and billboards, have become the norm because it seems so natural to everyone but we don't realize that it also affects the lives of women in society.  The message is that if you are not fashionable, you are not with the "it' crowd.   

A very large percent of the women we see on tv, magazines and billboards are really skinny.  In society these women are viewed as the norm and all women are expected to look like them.  Many young girls have eating disorders because they want to imitate that which is popular and common.  The reality is that most women are not as thin as those popular images conveyed to the public everyday.  Most clothes sold in stores are for very thin women. The average woman that studies,works or has a family, has a full figure.    

We must be concience about what is really healthy.  Although the US has a very high percentage of obese people,  we must not go in the complete opposite direction.  We can clearly see that fashionable women in every day life are not skinny at all.  what should make a person beautiful or fashionable is what inside not what she can show the world physically.  Sometimes we miss the really important things in life when we waste out time thinking and loosing lots of money trying to be what we are not.

I believe that you can make your personal appearance fashionable by being yourself.  You should not feel pressured to use or wear something simply because everyone else does.  I am not at all saying that fashion is all bad but it is important that you feel comfortablewith yourself.  We have to take care of ourselfs in a way that does not affect our health and our emational status.   

Being fashionable has become like a rule in our society and I do agree with the statement about " Nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion".  We can see on the news all the cases for eating disorders, suicide, and most of the reasons are because girls are trying to be like the models, or fashionable girls.
