It is paradoxical how people tend to despise both people who put too much emphasis on personal apperance and those who do not.  wheteher this is fully acknowledged or not, we are all judged by the way we look. Our look conveys a clear message; therefore, we all dress so as to give people the message we want they to perceive. Has it always been this may, much likely. 

Requiremenths of the society are such that either you are willing to be integrated or you are not. Intolerance typically is provoked by the way we judge people dressed contrarily to us. whether in the eighteenth  or the twenty-first century, social class is perceived through the way we look. the only way to get in places where we do not belong to is to dress as those who belong there. why is Julia roberts changing her sweat pants to evening dress in Pretty woman or Leoardo DiCaprio dressed in tuxedo to get in the Titanic's upper-class deck.

why are poor families striving to make theur children wear nike shoes and one designer's clothes while they can barely afford the rent? because they do not want their children to be rejecvted by others because of their appearance.

Why do people dress up or shave their beard at an interview? To have a hint to the answer, we can just imagine a candidate wearing his everyday jeans and shirt, with shoes from the last decades and his grandpa's vest or her grandma's scarf.

We are not what we look, as french proverb says it but we are judged first on the way we look. 

This does not necessarily mean that the society has become too materialistic. People who give some importance to their pesonal appearence and try to remain fashionable are considered as caring, organized, motivated, professional, and reliable. Furthermore, in some societies and countries, it is a sign of respect to traditions to be always neat and carry a specific and sophisticated look.

It is not helpful to blame people who care about their look because it is the only way to fit in a society and has long been so. We should be more active in trying to vehicle some values in the society so that apperance does not overwhelm and make people become too materialistic.
