I totally agree with this statement. Undoubtly, people put too much emphasis on persinal appearance and fashion. However, I think that the reason is that chasing something fashion or good appearance are became a trend. In my opinion, media and celebrities are two key factors which influence people most. Besides, more and more people think that a Gucci bag can totally change one's social status, or we can say people's value is changing. 

First of all, there are so many fashion magazines, such as Cosmos, Vogues, and so on, that are really popular for some people who are seeking the meaning of fashion. Also, we can see a lot of TV program which are talking about what you can do to make yourself more attractive and how to be the next Jennifer Lopez. For example, there is a famous TV show named "Queer eyes for the straight guy" in the United States. In this TV show, there are five man whose job is trying to change somebody's appearance, and even somebody's house decoration by offering their professional advise. However, the guest spent so much monet and time to such things maybe just because he has dating with someone whom he likes. 

Second, for most people, especially for woman, having a luxury bag is becoming a trend. For instance, many Japanese ladies go to France just because they want to get a LV bag. Nowadays, you may see every women has at least one Gucci bag or other luxury bag on the street that is what these woman call fashion. Actually, these luxury things are not cheap for most of us. However, most people want to have these luxury goods just for prestige, but not a practical using. And, some people even stole these luxury products because they don't have money to buy those things. 

In the end, in my opinion, fashion is a major culture for a country and it can even stimulates the economic for a nation. However, it also has some negtive impact that may result in social problem. Hence, peopel shuld out more emphasis on social culture issue but fashion issue.  
