Nowadays fashion is not only a trend that shows people how to dress but it is also one of the biggest idustries. In my opinion the personal appearance is very important issue today but many people speculate with it and the result is not very good. Fashion has become a mesure for everything. If one decides to go to a club or a restaurant, he or she should be dressed very well; otherwise, there is chance not getting into the club. People's choice for friends is based on fashion. Furthermore, some people end up wearing ridiculous outfits because of the so-called "fashion trends."

I think that most young people have the experience waiting infront of a club for hours and finally not getting in. Eventhough it is your turn and you are infront the entrance, the bouncer is letting those "last collection" dressed people but not them. When people put too much emphasis on fashion, inevitably, fashion becomes a way to discriminate people. I agree that there should be some dress code for fancy clubs and restaurants but in most cases those codes are equal to discrimination.

It is common for big cities to see peope dressed in similar clothes to hang out together and there is nothing wrong about that. But sometimes fashion and appearance is the only criteria for people to choose their friends. Threrefore, I think that fashion nowadays has become more than a way to express your ideas or follow the most recenr trends. Those kind of "fashion relationships" are not the best way to create a friendship for life or have someone to trust on.

Moreover, I have seen a lot of people who are so obsessed with fashion and appearance that they end up wearing inappropriate and ridiculous outfits. The effect they look for is not the one they expected to be. It is good to follow the fashion tendencies but not to assume that everything fashionable is appropriate. Therefore, I think that people are speculating with apperiance and fashion and it has bad results on their personality.

A good appearance and fashion outfits are always something valuable as long as they are appropriate. But people let fashion to dictate their lives, choose their friends and define who they are. Therefore, I believe that nowadays people aput too much emphasize on fashion and appearance.