It is true that appearance and fashion has long been an important factor of human interaction, not only nowadays. Actually, people do become more serious when they consider how they look like today or what they can wear today. Paying attention to one's appearance is a common sense, which might not be criticized too much. However, it should not become a tendency that we judge people's success only through what he or she looks like.

Appearance and fashion is important to people's judgement on a person. A clear and tidy appearance gives other people an impression that the person they are looking at is decent and graceful and is more trustful. It is hard to image a doctor or a nurse in the hospital wear dirty coats and weird ornaments. They are always in white or blue or light green uniforms which relieves their patient. Similarly, an expensive suits and shoes might make a businessman or a lawyer more outstanding. In fact, what they wear has become a symbol of how their business goes.

Appearance and fashion is in accordance with the pursuit of beauty in a sociology definition, namely pursuiting beauty is definitely a human nature. Sociologically speaking, everyone prefers themselves to be the core of a potential social group. The best way to prove this, especially at the begining of interpersonal communication, is through the outside appearance. A well-dressed genterman or lady is more likely to become a leader of a goup.

However, is appearance and fashion really the only thing that needs to be cared in communication?Absolutely not.

Individual core value should not be judged only through what they look like or how expensive they are wearing. I have a newly happened example. Mr. Bill Gates, the president of the Microsoft, just visited several universities and attended a economic forum in China. Thousands of journalist and Microsoft fans waited him at the airport. They were curious about what kind of suit and shoes the richest businessman in the world was wearing. However, people were disappointing. They looked at Mr. Gates from his head to his feet, but does not find a familiar brand they used to be fascinated with, such as LV or Gucci. A simple suit and plain shoes is what this "software giants" looks like. However, his great speech, clear and orgnized minds left the listerener wonderful experience. All the good impression is neither shown in appearance, nor via fashion.

In all, we have to believe, compared with appearance and fashion, people's education background and nice personal characteristics is more helpful in communication, although we cannot neglect we should wear properly and more decent. 
