Is appearancec important? This is a controversial question. People may give different answers when they are asked this question. Some people say that appearance does not count much because what is important is other qualities such as education, personalities, and your contribution to the society. However, some people will come up with different ideas that in modern society, appearance is more important than the other characteristics since this is the first imprression that a person will hold about you. As far as I am concerned, I think it is important, but not as important as the other characteristics that a person possesses.

Appearance is important in that it may leave a good impression on people and this impression is essential for people to make a decision. This is very common in some coutnries. In these years in China, with competition becoming more and more fierce, it is more and more difficult for graduates to find a job after they leave school. Many graduates who had been to the job markets always complain that those girls who look pretty always have a better chance of getting a job than those who don't. Some people even charge job providers with discrimination because they give the job opportunities to those who are no as qualified as them. I don't know the results of the legal case, but one thing is for sure, this is a common phenomonon in a society like China that pretty, young girls stand a better chance than those who look less charming when they are applying for a job. 

However, what I want to say here is that this phenomenon is only typical in societies that are not mature. In other countries such as the US and those in Western Europe, legislation has been passed to prohibit discrimination against appearance. What's more, job providers are also aware that appearance cannot ensure the development of their enterprises, instead, qualification is taking preority. Yes, if appearance is important, then it was impossible for Abraham Lincohn to be elected President of the United States of America, who, as described, was not handsome at all. It is hard to imagine what the US was like today if Lincoln was defeated by a handsome canditate in the general election back in the 1800s. From this example, we can say that people in fact are aware what can affect their decision when they have to make a choice. Lincoln educated himself and became successful, he had the ability to govern the country, he was kind to the black people, all these qualifications were the determining reasons, rather than appearance, and only those qualification could make the country better and better. 

In conclusion, appearance is important but its importance is temporary, because appearance cannot guarantee that somebody can perform well in his or her job. Only other qualification can ensure a long-lasting performance in one's future job. As a result, what we should do is to ignore whether you look pretty or handsome or not, and devote more time and energy to shaping yourself into a person that is qualified. 
