There a hundreds of fashion magazines and TV programs which are only focusing on fashioin and lookings. Women and even men are too care about their appearance and nice-looking. However, some people blames this trend because it mostly made by medias and for fashion industry. However,  I strognly agree with the idea that people appraise too much on personal appearance and fashion nowadays. 
     
First, much emphasis on nice-looking and fashion make people reveal their own fashion trait. It is true that people around me talk about nice-looking and fashion, then I also bacome to think about these factors. With such trend, it would be easy to express a person's own fashion characteristic. For example, I also did not have any own opinion about fashion when I was in teenages. However, as growing older, I became to read and see a lot of fashion-related programs and magazines. I used to wear leggings quite often but I did not realize leggings could be a good source for my fashion trait. One day, I watched a TV program about a person who decorates heavy jeans to with inks and ribbons. From him, I inspired to decorate my leggings and started to wear it when I go out with my friends. When people see it, they shows some interests on it and I became to think about it more. Finally, my leggings was features on a internet fasion-related site. 
If moden society did not care about fashion at all, I could not see the TV program and pay more attention on my fashion trait. 
     
Secondly, taking care of appearance seriously allow people to keep in good health. When people pay more attention on their appearance, they want to keep in good shape which means they need to exercise regularly. For instance, my mother is over fifties but she always care about her appearance. She wants to be in a good shape although she is old. She goes to a gym for an hour everyday and does push-up two hundred times before she goes to bed. She cotrols her diet and eats much vegetables. Accordingly, whenever other people see her, people think that my mother is in early fourties. When she hears that kind of compliment, she is happy for a couple of days. When I recognize her mind, I become happy, thus making all of my family members happy. While staying with her, I thought that geting self-confidence from herself first and then from other people make her happy. 
     
All in all, I strongly agree with that nowadays people serioulsy care about their looking and fashion. This trend help people express their own fashion trait and keep them in good health.
