Can there ever be too much emphasis on personal appearance? Oscar Wilde once wrote: "Only a fool will not judge another person by his appearance".  

So is the emphasis on personal appearance and fashion can be attributed only to the 21st century? Of course, not. Appearance has always played an extremely important role in the lives of people of all countries and continents. 

If we look back on primitive people we will see what an imortant role appearance played - according to appearance they distinguished enemies from people from their own tribe. This judgment was essential for survival. So I suppose that it is an instinctive drive or setting that each one of us has.  

Appearance can reveal so much about a human being. One of the most famous Russian authors once said "Soul is reflected in the eyes". Look into the eyes of the person and you will see if he is happy at the moment or sad, if he is in love or pensive, if he likes you or doesn't. But eyes are not the only source of judgment - a lot can be sad about certain traits of character according to the way people wear their hair or their buttoned shirts. I had a friend who's hair was always neatly combed and styled with gel. Never did he let it flow free. Was he shy? Yes he was. Was he reserved? He was indeed. Was the upper button of his shirt ever unbuttoned? Of course, not.
I believe it is imortant to realize that personal appearance is not only our lipstick colour, amount of jewelery or height of a heel, it is the way other people see us. 

People really are paying more and more attention to their appearance, because the society has never wanted to stay young as at the times when stem cells and botox made it possible to preserve youth. I can't blame these people. I might want to do the same when I will realize that youth is not eternal. 
As we are proceeding in the 21st centure pop art and pop culture substituting classical form of culture. Fashion is art. It can be talented, can be not, it can be unique, can be banal, we can like it or we can have opposite feelings towards it. But we can't neglect the fact, that fashion is art! It is art that we have the right to enjoy every day. Clothes that people wear say a lot to people around them. Human beings today have an amazing opportunity to match clothes with their state of mind, with their mood, with their cultural preferences, even with their political or social believes. 

I don't think the emphasis that people put on personal appearance or fashion can ever be "too much".
