To my personally thinking, I have some reasons for disagree with the statement " Nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion". Because it is necessary to pay much attention on personal appearance and fashion. People say that dressing well is the way of expression your respect to the opposite people who are talking to you. For instance, a reporter must be dress well with her clothes and her face so that she looks beautiful when appearing on television. Or a business person is in an affair should be emphasis on his or her appearance or fashion so that they can cause good impression to their business partners. Moreover, in some cases personal appearnace and fashion are required to determined your class in the society where you are in the middle class or in the upper class. It can't be acceptable for a person who is intellectual, but appears in bad appearance and uncarefully dressing in a party or at office. To my own case, I usually pay attention to my appearance and my fashion because it help me feel more confident in communicating to other people. Moreover, taking care of your appearance is also taking care of your health, too.

On the other hand, some people put over care about their appearance and fashion at any time and any where. For example, it is good for a girl to take  care of her appearnance and make up. However, it will be impolite if she makes up in front of every people. Moreover, many people spend most of their time following fashion and all they care is what is in and what is out now. I have to commit that paying attention to appearance and fashion is good, but it must be in reasonable and limit or else we will waste our time, our money into vague things.

To sum up, appearance and fashion should be cared in the modern society, but we should know how to dress for our appearance and fahsion. We should understand where we need to be in fashion where we are not. Bcause anything fashion is somehow a facility to serve our life, don't be slave of fashion and appearance.
