The Perpetual Battle: How You Look Vs What You Are

" I am what I am" is a well known quotation of Moses regarding the significance of one's true nature. There is no doubt that people are to be judged with their deeds and acts. In the history of human civilization people are always remembered with their acts throughout their lives. However, today people put too much concerned about how they look and eventually put much emphasis on personal apperance and fashion. 

In the first place, changes in the lifestyles of people triggered different needs and created fashion. It is certainly likely that fashion exhibits a variation according to time and place.  It cannot be claimed that there was such a huge trend of fashion during the 15th and 16th centuries, when people were dying of plagues.The way people get dressed also showed significant variation after the second world war due to the abundance or scarcity of sources in certain places. Following a geagoraphical perspective, people who are lucky enough to be able to get dressed when compared to people in Africa or some parts of Asia, created fashion in order to satisfy their hunger. Accordingly, bearing the facts of time, place and need factors in mind and  following the sheme of Maslow's hieararchy of needs, it could be argued that fashion are for those who have already satisfied their other needs. Those who are hungry or without a shelter have other things to be worried about.  

Another reason for putting too much attention to what to wear derivesa from the urge to escape from one's real identity. People are becoming a consumer society and eventually achieve to consume themselves and look for changes in their lives. This is the fact lying behind the zeal of a person who just bought a pair of Diesel jeans along with a pair of new stylish shoes. It is note worthy to claim that the desire to follow fashion closely shows huge differences in accordance with the profile of the society. While teenagers are too  much fans of fashion and always think about looking better in order to actualize themselves, adolescents or adults especially those who are aware of what they are doing with their lives and what their life objectives are, wear just enough to look appropriate for their environment either their work place or social gatherings.

To sum up, the pervailing desire to follow fashion depends on various factors including history, georgraphy and the reasons to follow fashion and also is boosted by the tendecny of people to show themselves better or at least different than what they already are.  
