I strongly agree with the statement that appearance is important. In my country , there is an expression that states that people first of all will judge you by your cloths and after that by you knowledge. So even if you are very nice person, but you are dressed in something that makes people a little uncomfortable, you should really consider taking  a closer look at your appearance.

I can not say that a lot of people put too much emphasis on facion, but they do it more on their personal appearance. Because every one of us wants to look nice and want people to notice us. Imagina that all people in the world were dressed the same way you are. Woulnd not that be weird? 

i support the idea that people who work in offices shoud were more formal cloth, because it maeks them look more professionala and also unconsciesly adds more responsibility to them. What i am trying to say is that people who are dresses in formal cloth tend to be more professional in their jobs and take thier jobs more responsibly. that is one of the ways to increace work productivity , I think.

When i first came to american college, i was amazed by the bay american students were dressed. There were people wearing nice cloths, people wearing odd cloths, people in business suits and even people in pijamas. Yes, there were people walking down the street to class in thier pijamas. well, that way way out of control. i have always thought that pijamas are supposed to be worn only in your house. But no, they can be worn outside too. That is one the appearences that i do not really like. 

About different styles of appearences. I think, USA is the bset country to express your pesonality through your appearence. Because in many other countries , other people's opinion has a great impact on the way you dress, it seemls like you are dressing for them, not for you. I like to mix both ideas, dressing for yourself, but knowing the limits when something is ok to wear, and something is just not right.

Given the idea that appearence is everything you can judge a person without knowing him, you should relly think about how you look, especially if you are going to a meeting, does not matter what kind. You should always keep in mind that first expression is usually the strongets one, even if it is not the right one. You appearence should tell that you are very reaponsible and knowledgable person, when you go to an interview for a job or internship. you appearence should be nice and comportable when you are going to a picnic with your friends. What about when you are doing a volunteer job in, let's say, kindergarden? You should wear some colorful cloths, and comfortable ones so you can play around with children. 

Appearence does matter, it always did. But you should never forget that appearence is the most important thing, but it is not the only thing. 
