As part of my daily routine, I would brush my hair and make sure to put lotion on my face.  Technically, it shouldn't really matter if my hair is a little messy or if my face is a little bit dry, but the truth of the matter is that people all over America are spending a lot of their time in the mornings making sure they look presentable to others.  Too much emphasis is being placed on appearance and fashion.

We can see this simply by spending a few minutes watching the television.  Everyone on the screen seems to be beautiful and perfect, and the ones who aren't are "fixed" by extreme makeover shows, spreading the idea that beautiful is important.  Hollywood's portrayal of "beauty" has certainly had an effect on America, especially for teenage girls who wish to impress others with how pretty they are.  The beauty industry is making so much money off of people who think that beauty is everything.  So many beauty products exist, and the scary thing is, people will spend their money on these things instead of important things like feeding starving children or finding a cure for cancer.

Another sign that fashion is overemphasized is the fact that many will shop at certain stores, just because the clothes have a name brand.  I don't think there has been any research done to prove that American Eagle sells more comfortable or longer lasting clothes than TJ Maxx, for example, yet people are still willing to spend their money on the outrageous prices at the first store.
Is the brand of the clothes that important?  Apparently it is in today's society.

Eating disorders is a problem that stems from overemphasizing thin as beautiful.  Anorexia nervosa and bulimia have attacked the lives of so many wonderful girls, just because they have been programmed to think that they aren't pretty unless they look like sticks.  It shouldn't matter if someone has a little bit of fat hanging from the stomach or if they can't fit into tight clothes.  I am not condoning obesity; that is just plain unhealthy, but I don't think it should be that important if a person is not skinny.

In sum, I think America has been taken by a storm that puts too much emphasis on personal appearance and fasion.  Too much money is being spent on beauty products and name brand clothes, and beautiful girls are feeling the need to be skinnier.  It really shouldn't matter how one looks, but in reality, America cares a lot about it.
