The substantial part of any shop's or supermarket's shelves in US is nowadays filled with fashion journals, where celebrities show simple people what to wear, how to wear, what is good and what is bad. In our age of practically costless information spreading, when everyone has access to any informations he or she wants, I believe that the mass culture is becoming a quite dangerous phenomenon. I think, people do put too much emphasis on the fashion and, as a result, on their appearance.

When one walks around some university or school, it is easy to notice how mass culture affects people. Everybody reads fashion magazines, everybody knows that red is popular in this season, everybody listens to Britney Spears and wants to look like Jennifer Aniston or Brad Pitt. And look at that idiot! He is not like us. He wears dirty jeans, long hair, and the earing in the nose. He is not our company. Actually, we have to isolate him from us. Let him live alone...

In principle, I do not care what other people do, wear, listen or read. Until it affects my life. Mass culture makes people identical. Even though fashion magazines preach for originality, but we are all identical in our difference.

One can say, that if the things were that bad, they would not become that popular. It is true in some way. But first, even if the things are good, their mass reproduction is not. Second, the effect of the crowd tends to kill any innovation at the beginning stage, even though it may be better. And finally third, there are examples of mass trends, which are not exactly good. To the least significant examples I would put popularity of fast-food of McDonalds type, or too sexual-free behavior of celebrities. If we go further, we can remind ourselves that Hitler, and the holocoust, were products of mass culture, products of fashion trends... Only those, who were not agree with such trends were not isolated as it is now, but just killed...

Personal appearance, as well as following fashion trends, may testify about the person's trials to look good and to please others. There are definitely some good things described in the fashion magazines. But I believe people are going too far when they do not tolerate an alternative opinion, and are able to perceive something only if this something was mentioned somewhere in fashion magazine.
