I think too much emphasis on personal appearance is not good way to express person's identity or personality that are related to something unique about one person's inner side. We have two distinctive features such as apperance and spiritual one(or some people can say 'soul' or mind). Therefore, we need a certain balance on both of them. 

Most of our imformation that we can get surrounding us is from our eyesight, which means 'seeing'.  I think people are born to persue something attractive just like other animals. We cannot deny appearance part from our lives.  However, as a member of our society we need to care about other people's situation, emotional feelings ... all the things that are related to something that our appearance cannot tell. Those merits we should develop to live with our neighbors are more important thing to persue in our lives.  

Too much emphasis on personal appearance makes trouble such as some desease that people cannot eat properly to nurture their bodies, some discrimination towards the people who have obesity, some people who think their appearance are not attractive feel dipressed and don't get along with other people, a lot of prejudice to disabled people, and so on. 

I think most of the problems I mentioned above are from too much emphisis on the appearnce only. How can we solve these problems we have? As interectual beings, I think we should consider what is more important in our lives and how to manage to live our lives with other people who might not feel happy about their appearance or many people who were not born with good appearance as well. Even sometimes people who were born with better appearance might lose their attractive appearace by any accidents. 

By education and social encouragement, I think we can train ourselves not to judge people by their appearance only. We should teach people how to treat other people by their inner personality and beauty also. It is not easy but worthy doing it.  Those efforts for better society can make all of us live happily together in this world. Life is short. We don't have time to waist to make other people misarable. Let's be happy no matter how you look! 
