Personal appearance has been  very important in presenting oneself throughout different periods of human history. Personal apperarance is such a powerful tool to make influence and impress somebody else for set of different reasons. However, when we discuss people's attitude towards personal apperanace and fashion we have to distinguish what people and in what countries.

 In United States, people to do not really care about their apperance and fashion on a daily basis. They do pay attention if attenting some interviews or going to work. It is very interesting that people in Europe and Asia ( and I am sure about these two continents) tend to pay pay attention to their appearance very carefully. Even in a daily basis their casual clothing and apperance would be evaluated as " dressesd up" by people of the United States. I personally have faced this kind of difference.

Looking at  a"big picture" of the peoples of the today's world, I agree we tend to pay attention to our apperance more and put special emphasis. In some countries( otehr than USA) your apperance can tell about your social status, age and even a marital status. Later is mostly in traditional countries, such as Central Asian countries, that I  am personally familiar with. 

Moreover, looking good and being staisfied from your appearance is more than just distingushing yourself in the society or showing that you are part of it. It is also about self esteem and phycological effect on you. If you  look good you feel better and confident. There are alsways  some kind of women who put  a lot of emphsis on their appearance trying to look like models they see on media. whenever they can not get the results they want, they can dissapointed , some even loose self esteem. 

In this intelligent world, we agree or not, there is still a belief about importance of fashion and appearance. Most of us confirm that we do not judge people by their personal appearance, but unfortunatelly we do. Somewhere in our minds, in subconcuious level, we judge peoplem by the way they look. If not, why do we dress up for interviews, dates, or some special events?
Personally, I try not to judge people by their apearance, I do not usuallyb notice what are other's wearing, how they look like, but every morning I carefully chose the clothes I am going to put on and spend some time in front of mirror. why? Maybe  because, I realize that there are people who judge me by the way I look.

In short, personal apperanace and fashion is unavoidable (at least so far) part of our lives. Willingly or not we tend to emphasis on them and the degree of how much we emphasis depends on cultures, personal believes and just our nature.
