I would neither agree nor disagree with this statement, it depends on the culture and coutry particularly. To support my point of view I'll use as examples 2 different country: The The United States and Kazakhstan: my home country. In the United States no one cares how you look like. You can wear whatever you want and whenever you want. I was surpriced when I first came to America and saw a guy who was wearing shorts and T-Shirt when it was really cold outside and he was walking as he didn't feel that it was freezing. Another case when I was shocked happened on one of the days in the fall. I saw a guy who was wearing a suit made from carton boxes. He was riding a bike like it was his casual appearence. In both of these cases those people who saw him didn't pay attention to him at all. There were few, I would say, but they just smiled at him and that was it. I had a class in one of the dorms and every time there was a guy who wore pijama. I would not dare to wear a pijama to one of my classes. And again no one cared about this guy. I saw a lot of people who didn't dress neatly enough and they looked like they just got out of the bed. You will not see any differences between people, because, I think, 90 percent of all the people that I meet everyday wear the same set of clothes: t-shirts, jeans, shorts, flipflops and sneakers. 

You will not see things like that in Kazakhstan. People pay special attention to how they look like. Everyone tries to look nice and neatly. Even those who don't have enough money to buy clothes will try to look nice. You will not see a person in the class who wears pijama. People would laugh at you and point fingers at you, they would think that you're out of your mind. If people see you in the street riding a bike and wearing a carton made suit they would call to police and eventually you'll be taken to an asylum. You want see a person wearing the same set of clothes. Every person tries to look different: whether it's a shirt of a different color or it's a suit of a different model. Girls especially pay attention to how they look like and how other girls in their group look like. They would be really angry if they see the same article of clothes that they have on a different person. 

These are my arguments to support my point of view. Maybe I cane be wrong, but based on my life experience that was what I noticed comparing America and my home country and that was the reason why my point of view had a different angle: not in favor of agreement with the statement and not in favor with disagreement with the statement.
