I agree with the statement. The reason behind it is the fashion industry. The media is trying to make people believe that people with better appearance are actually better and successful people. When I watch American TV shows, I get disgusted by watching how these people try to imply and force the idea that the look decides the character of the perseon. It seems like how sucessful and smart you are, it doesn't count if you are not physically attractive. People will still make fun of your fuzzy hair and granny pants you are wearing even if you find a cure for cancer. People would idolize Bill Gates unbelievably more than now if he looked like David Beckham. Bill Gates is known to be not only ingelligent but also very generous. He estabilished a charity foundation and tried to make a change to the life of others who are less previlaged. He did a lot of charity work but the public loves Beckham for his great looks and fancy clothes. He is a talented football player but I am sure people would not go so crazy if he was not so attrative. It is true that human being is entitled to be fascinated by beauty. It is programmed in our nature. History tells us how people adored beauty. The problem is the media is forcing the image of manufactured beauty. You have to wear designer's clothes to be fashionable. You have to be super thin and tall to be beautiful. It is just not so natural. A lot of teenagers who are successful at their academic work and have a good social life are still under a lot of pressure just because they cannot catch up with new fashion and they do not look like a super model. It is clear how badly we have been enslaved by the image of the beauty when you see the reaction of people who have gone thorough "fashion makeover." They jump and scream how beautiful they look. The thing is ther have been always beautiful. They were just diffrent from the image that the media is trying to force them. They have a beautiful family, a great job and a house but they still felt like a loser because they were not "beautiful" and they finally feel so successful after they recieved several plastic surgeries and a heavy make-up. It seems like how great person you are, some people just do not percieve it when you do not look exactly like one of those factory-made barbies. So my answer is yes. People put too much emphasis on apperance and fasion. Sadly. 
