Some people notice personal appearance and fashion a lot but others pay attention on other aspects.  However, i think some people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.

First of all, there are a lot of chic or fashion magazines around the world. When you go to bookstore, you will see that almost half of the shelves are fashion magazines and you can see many beautiful girls on the cover pages. Moreover, the content of these magazines is full of clothes, bags and cosmetics. It shows that many people buy this kind of magazine so the publiser provide lots of this kind of magazines. Secondly, when you turn on the TV, you can watch a lot of fashion shows which talk about this topic. They will teach people how to have a beautiful hair style, how to make up, how to protect your skin, how to dress up and how to make yourself more beautiful. Moreover, statistics shows that this kind of show can attract a lot of audiencess. That is the reason that when you turn on the TV, you can watch this kind of show all day. 

Thirdly, when you go to department, you can discover that except the original space where are sold female goods, there are more and more space where are sold male goods especially male lotion and male make up. More and more male pay attantion on this field. This  can prove that more and more people neither female nor male put emphasisi on personal appearance and fashion. Finally, when people meet with each other, they always talk about the fashion and appearance. For example, they may ask others that "where do you buy this cloth? It's so beautiful." Eventhough it's an easy conversation opening,  if nobody concern about this topic, it would not be the conversations opening.

Actually, i don't think that put emphasis on personal appearance or fashion is bad but i think we should concern about other topics as personal appearance or fashion. There are still many other topics such as health and the three world country which we can concern about. We should pay the same attention on each topic.  

