I personally agree to the statement that people put too much emphasis on their personal appearance and fashion, and there are reasons for that.

First, by putting a lot of emphasis on appearance and fashion, it is possible that people can have fun.  We are living in a very stressful society.  If you are a graduate student or wroking as a full time worker, you may have a lot of stress to deal with in everyday life.  In order to remove the stress, one of the best thing to do is to make yourself have fun.  I think that fashion is one thing we can spend time to make our life fun.  For example, if you are student, different from studying subjects that you are interested in as well as tha you are not interested in, it is very fun to go shopping, looking at different clothes, and to make desicion whether I should buy one, two, or three clothes.  Therefore, I think that spending time for fashion or appearance gives people enjoyment.  That is one reason why people spend a lot of time for their fashion.

Second, it is necessary for some people to spend a lot of money because they have too much.  Fashion or their appearance is one thing that they can spend money.  They spend money for themselves; therefore, they may not feel guilty.  Also, if they spend money, there is a possibility that the whole society becomes wealthy.  Probably unnecessary money may have people put their emphasis on their sppearance and fashion. 

Third,  there are too many products nowadays.  Recently, the whole society becomes richer and richer.  As a result, there are a lot of companies that produce attractive fashion items such as clothes and accessaries.  Since there are many things available around people, people are interested in those things.  They may want to purchase a lot of things and to compete with their friends.  However, if there are not many things available in their society, people may not be interested in and they may not spend a lot of time for fashion.  

Based on the three points above, I think that people nowadays are putting a lot of emphasis on fashion.
