 When it comes to this topic, it reminds me of an experience that I met before. When Japanese and Korean opera became popular, tens of thousands of Chinese youngth began to wear Japanese and Korean appearls one night. That was amazing that you would see students wear the same clothes on the street. And Chinese parents were worried about the phenomenon so much that they turned to the psychological doctors for help. It is likely to be a mental disease!

    What I want to say first is that I agree with the statement that nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. We can analysis this phenomenon from the following three perspectives.

   First of all, when clipping out a website, you can easily find some columns such as fashion or enterntainment. And there are even some particular fashion websites, magazines, and books that owns the largest amount of clips, visiting members, publish amounts and readers. Undoubtedly, all the entertainment enterprise earns amazing sum of money from the people who fasinate in fashion. When we turn our eyes to various celebrations, and annual movie anniversories, such as Oska, we may find that all the celebrities and super stars are wearing clothes valued thousand dollars, which is regarded as a leader of fashion. Nevertheless, so many people would like to imitate them, even though they are not wealthy enough. 

   Secondly, we are living in a money-directed society. Capital is spreading all over the world, and fashion is gradually becoming the representative of wealth, prosperty, and treasure, which is the goal of the whole society. Fewer and fewer people go to the library to spend their weekend. They prefer to lingering in malls, and just watching the commodities that they can not afford. It is really a tragic for the society. 

   Thirdly, as for the applicants, appearance is quite important for them to gain a satisfactory job. As many people say, appearance is always playing the role of first impression, which is hard to change and would decide your future! How a compelling definition! No one would like to fail at the beginning point. 

   However, just such an orientation and tendency make our society more and more sophisticated and obscure. We hardly see the right direction of our life and our world, but pursue those valueless things all the time. 

   Therefore, in my opinion, people should pay attention to their appearance, which is considered to offer respect to others. However, fashion and appearance should not become the mainstream of the life. What we should underscore more is our soul--the inside. 
