The world has gone through various changes in the recent years, among which the way people dress and appear in public. The advances in technology have contributed to the development of new fibers and textile material that have helped people find the best attire for the best situation. This has created a huge dependence on appearance in various societies - not to say all. Fashion is, indeed, a big and industry nowadays, satisfying the needs for people to feel better about themselves and to please others around them in society.

Perhaps one of the most prominent examples of the over-emphasis on personal appearance is the increase in the number of fashion-related reality shows. Being one of today's media phenomena, reality fashion shows like America's Next Top Model is a feature of what people today give more importance to. It is also a predictor of a consumer society that has somewhat adopted fashion as an important aspect of life to the detriment of more important values such as individual skills and abilities and the content of personality. As most TV shows, America's Next Top Model has a big influence on people, especially teenagers - thus breeding a generation of social beings thirsty for the acquisition of more clothes and fashion accessories to improve their self-image and their image in society. 

Another aspect of the emphasis on appearance in today's societies is the large marketing and advertising campaigns carried out by textile industry and apparel stores. Most ads that we see today have to do with how we look and how to look better. People have become obsessed with new trends and keeping up with what the world of fashion brings so that they would not be seen as "out of fashion" or "old" or "not cool". Adevrtising for brand names influences the amount of what people buy and for what purposes. Many brands shed the light on how to "look better, sexy, etc.". They market to everyone in the population, from babies to seniors, with opne underlying marketing statement: what you wear is what you are.

Besides, the soaring number of fashion designers, catwalks, fashion shows, models and top models keep the myth of "appearance is important" alive. Everywhere people go, they will see and hear words such as Milan, Paris, Gaultier, Trendy, New, etc.; words that will activate in their minds the now-common belief that what makes an individual is most importantly the way they dress.

As a conclusion, one can only say that individual competence has been overshadowed by appearance. Maybe it all falls within the marketing strategy of a capitalist world and a consumer society that aims at gaining more and more money for the benefit of the whole; maybe it is just a human need to cling to soemthing and satisfy a need to please the other in seach of more human relationships and a better quality of life within a larger entourage.
