'It's all about the image'

Although, many of us disagree and want to believe that a person is beyond his outside appearance, we all know for a fact that this disturbing truth exists in our world. Capitalism has quite effectively clawed its way in people's existence and has developed a 'consumer' culture. A culture that has eroded the society of its values and what exists is a murky situation where one is judged by a Prada bag or a Chanel perfume. Advertising, many say, has been a vital reason for such a paradigm shift in society. Some knowledgeable men call it the seedbed of capitalism. 

There are some who try to defy norms, they dress unconventionally - the software geeks with their shorts and faded t-shirts - but the truth is that they too see this reality and rebel only prove a point. What is even more disturbing is that it has become an emotional/psychological issue for some. In one of our classes last semester, we talked about how some women would starve to death to save for a Prada bag or some big-brand shoes. People define their worth based on the things that they possess. 

I sit here and critique the phenomenon, but the truth is that I am too, sucked into this vicious cycle. And so is everyone else. I come from a collectivist culture where family and friends are given utmost importance. However, when I look at the situation in India (my home country), it is so very upsetting. People work hard, which I commend, to earn money. I see nothing wrong with it. It is absolutely important to earn a good life. They save up this money and then spend it on goods - some needs, some wants. And once they have exhausted these resources, they move on to satisfy their other worldly pleasures. The question really is, when does this all stop? I sometimes wonder when we are all going to get tired of putting up an act, by letting Nike shoes define who we are. And, pardon me when I say this, the advertisers are not wholly to be blamed. They are only reflecting what really exists in today's society. 

The truth is that this is inevitable. More than half of the world is changing and becoming more capitalist by the day. The pursuit of money and goods is a never-ending vicious cycle. Yet, it is for each one of us to stop and ask ourselves some really hard questions - do I need this? Do things define me? And probably more of those existential questions - Who am I and what is all this leading to? 

Ultimately, all that is going to matter is not what the world around is but, how we are trying to live or for some - survive!!
