Information and technology is growing and changing everyday. With tons of information being transferred to the customer, they are overwhelmed by the fashion trend. The overall trend deeply affect the the value of the customers, such as students and adults. I completely agree the statement that people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. 

First of all, most of people would like to spend their weekends, some may even spend their weekdays on the fashion TV shows and surfing the fashion websites. These kinds of behaviors occurs because of the effect of catching on the fashion trends. As a result, they spend less of time on studying and social activities. It may affect their academic results, and social life.

Putting too mcuh emphasis on personal appearance and fashion not only wasting their "valuable" time, but also reducing their society awareness. Everyone has only twenty-four hours, no exception. In order to have the topics to talk with the friends, they read fashion magazines other than business section and political section of the newspaper. Placing the focus and spot on the fashion, instead of caring about what is happening in the society, such as president elections, global warming, and financial crisis, can absolutly reduce the socialibility. 

Finally, dreaming about becoming a sport star and singer is another reason for the people to spend their time on the fashion trends. As you can see, there are thousands of people wearing the sport jerseys walking on the street. Wearing the jerseys, such as NBA, NFL, or NLB jerseys, can fulfill their desire to "live" as a super star. Supporting their country, local, or university sport teams also cause an effect of emphasising the "sport" trends.

Spending their time on fashion TV and internet, instead of studying and social life, putting their emphasis on fashion magazines other than social and political activities, and dreaming to "live" as a super star cause people put too much emphasis on fashion and appearance. 
