Everyday when you open the TV, too much of it is about stars and entertainment. And many people follow these stars in appearance and fashion. In ordinary life people complete each other with their personal appearance and fashionable things. Nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.

First, personal appearance and fashion of one is not the most important thing in his life. What is not important is this contribution to the community, the people and the society. When they place great emphasis and great interest in all the appearance and fashion things, they will eventually ignore his role in society. And when people pay much attention to their personal appearance, they will want to compete with others in personal appearance which is also bad for themselves. 

Second, fashion consume a lot from people's life. Sometimes fashion goes every fast. The stuff you buy to meet the the fashion will be out of style soon and people won't use them later forever. Also good and in-style fashion and appearance will cost you much. Some cloth will be made by furs and then not only these will be wasted and also it is bad for the animals.

Moreover, when you want to achieve good personal appearance, you should go quite a lot. For example, it is common sense in China that it is always fashion to be thin for females. So many many girl don't eat anything for several days just to lose weight. They will become weak or even sick after that. It is not worth it compared to one's health. I don't see such problem in USA as it seems that strong is a fashion here. But people in USA care more about dress, cars and etc.  They should pay attention to all these but they are putting too much emphasis in these things.

We should admit that personal appearance and fashion is part of life. Work is always boring and hard for everyone. People have the right to get better personal appearance and catch up with the fashion to relax. It will benefit all as one should not strive himself for a long time. Everyone needs to have fun and to relax. But we should control these things. It should be within a limit and should influence the life and the work. Actually what is happening in real life is that some people put too much more emphasis and attention than needed which influences themselves.

In the end, admittedly fashion should be part of life but nowadays people put too much emphasis in their personal appearance and fashion. They should place more attention to their work and they should contribute more to the society.
