I will start with the statement that its not nowadays, but its have for ever been that people are conscious of their appearance. Once appearance and fashion are considered, I will emphasize more on appearance rather than fashion as appearance is what really matters, fashion is just a efficient statement about the change and distinction people want about themselves enhancing their appearance. 

Although fashion is use in the context of appearance and statement people want to make, it basically is good for other disciplines like art, music and fun as well. 
once i am talking about the appearance, it results in the development of image about an individual. By just appearance you can achieve lot of respect. I would like to quote the appearance difference between zebra and donkey.  Where zebra in appearance is much better than donkey once comparison is made. Same is good for people too. A good appearance over the time makes the image of the individual more sophisticated and urbane. These days people put emphasis on appearance because its the appearance and attractiveness with which on has development of personality and social relations. I would say that people are found to be quite sensitive about there appearance and further to enhance their attitude towards appearing better physically they chose fashion to make their statement. Here is how fashion evolves, if one person who is making a different statement about his appearance and personality, is once picked by others, he or she brings into it some other addition  where by they can reflect their personality and likes. 

Coming over to fashion, these days i would say that something else also has added to it and that is industry. Fashion is industry driven these days. There is a variety to choose from different appearances, clothes and accessories. People want to discriminate between their appearance, social status and social groups. Especially in the young generation, people who do not put on the BRAND are not bought into social group.  
 
I will conclude by saying that appearance does matter and virtually fashion is the once which helps and facilitates people to get into the realms of the social status and distinguished identity. 
