It is popular that nowadays people pay much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. Girls spend lots of money and time on making up and clothes, and even some boys are using make ups now. Its hard to say whether it is good or bad, but it is true.

Good looking people can somewhat take an advantage in their daily life or career pursuing. For example, a beautiful girl can always have more attention by men and can be easily accepted by people at the first glance. When applying a job and doing interview, a nice looking person can give the employer a nice impression at the first in a certain degree. That is why girls spent so much time on making up, and that is why they are so fascinated with fashionable clothes so much. I should like to say, nowadays people are becoming so critical. The employers do not want you to be excellent in your  job, they are also demanding you to be look like stars.

In another aspect, appearance can give people a wrong impression. For example, when we see a beautiful girl, we are very likely to regard her as a flower vase but with noting else than that, though we like her. And for some people it is hard for you to see their real face because of the makeup.

It is true that everybody likes beauty. We all want to be look good and we all want to be the one all people like. It is superficial to say that appearance is more important than content, but it is still a superficiality that with a good content we don't need to worry about the appearance. In the supermarket, we can find lots of these examples. We can see from the fashionable moon cakes that things used to cover the cake are so many and so delicate that we even doubt they worth more than the cake itself. There are also other examples too, for example, you like some dish because it is delicious, but I don't think you will like it if it in a messy condition in a horrible plate. So, the best thing we can do is to have a good content while keep the appearance good. If we can not, we should at least keep both of them in a certain way.

In conclusion, I think paying attention to appearance is ok, but too much is not good at all.
