I do not agree with the statement. Nowadays people do really put much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. But there are not enough evidences showing that it is too much.

First of all, what is the standard of the suitable emphasis on personal apperance?

 People always think that scientists, politists, enternauters and so forth make great contribution to our lives. They bring amazing technologies, making sure the society in good order and supplying everything we need in daily life. However, people suppose that fashion is something that have little practical value, they blame people who spend much time and money on personal appearance of  wasting resource. 

Neverthese, in my opinion, the fashion industry also contributes much for our lives. It makes our world colorful and diversity. Supposed that there is no brand designer, no models and so forth, everybody wears in the same style such as in the Culture Revolution period in 1970's in China, we will loose so much fun in daily life and feel our life quality drop obviously. In other world, a pretty model or actress might contribute as much as a insighted writer. Especially in nowadays, we have enough resource to live better, pursuing beauty is a reasonable value and life style, which bring more fun for ourselves and others' lives. For example, in formal situation, such as party or comerce meeting, fashion style or groomed personal appearance is a good manner and proves how much you respect the host or your business partners. All of them show evidences  on the importance of fashion.

However, there really is some situation that some people pay so much attention on their personal appearence and fashion, which brings bad influence on their lives and their family. Most of them are young students who are still not able to earn money, but loose interest in studying and put most of their time and money on buying fashion stuff, big brand names and pursing starts. They do not form correct  value of life and will contribute little to the whole society but wasting resource. Even worse, they bring bad effects to their peers. It is terrible that this kind of trends become popular.

