I totally agree with this statement. Because of the media, television, movies, so many stars are created. They all have the same quality-- fashion. Brand clothes, expensive bags, hair styles, everything on them is called "fashion" and "pretty", they created an world that everyone should be like stars to be in the fashion. People start to spend a lot of money on the outfits instead of buying books; people search the website to buy things online instead of searching for new knowledge. Teenagers spend most of time on their appearance not on their studies. Because of wanting to look cool and pretty by others, most of people put too much emphasis on their appearance.

Paris Hilton, for example, she is pretty, fashion, and well-known by the world. But does she has inner beauty? I don't think so. Can she recite some quote from famous writers such as E.S. Eliot? Besides the brands outfit and diamonds and fancy high heels, what do these pretty girls have inside their head?

For this reason, I believe people should put more emphasis on the inner things to make them be beautiful from inside. If a person knows a lot about literature, then he or she can say something really decent, not just nonsense; if he or she knows how to appreciate a masterpiece from museum, then he or she will have some more deep thoughts than just walk around the museum and chatting with friends about parties. I believe people's inner beauty are far more important than what they wear or have. Having a million dollar watch doesn't mean that you can appreciate the delicacy of that antique watch. Knowing how to us cosmetics doesn't mean that you know how to use the library to find the books you want. 

Nowadays people just look down the inner beauty's value, instead, they are influenced by mass media, believe their looks should be gorgeous so that people would admire them. In fact, if everyone is so superficial that only cares about the appearance, what do they have when they are no longer young and pretty? Only knowledge can stay with us forever and makes us shine from inside, not the cosmetics. 
