Nowadays people tend to give increasing attention to personal appearance and fashion. Some people criticize it by saying that it is a waste of time to attach too much importance to one's appearance, while others anchor it because they think highly about first impression. As far as I am concerned, personal appearance and fashion play an crucial role in establishing positive image in others' mind.

In the first place, it is always the truth that people will base on their first impression to decide whether or not to have further contact with someone. When people meet for the first time, it is impossible for them to dig deeper in each other's personality, hobbies, careers and so forth. Then why some of their relationship is further strengthened while the others wither as time goes by? The reason, in a large sense, rests on people's judgment of that people's appearance.  A good case in point is the growing attention attached to dressing in  one's interview. Within the limited time, the most important, if not  only, means for the interviewee to show his/her qualification besides a CV is how his/her characteristics reflected by the appearance. Therefore, it is never overstated to be careful with one's looking.

In addition, how people dress themselves show what kind of person he/she is. Without verbal contact, how can you know more about the people in front of you. Obviously, most people will choose to find some hints from their appearance. Jeans indicate a casual style of living; formal dressing tells us a well-educated and gentle personality. Accordingly, if you don't want to leave people an impression that is far from who you are, I suggest you to give more thinking about your appearance.

Last but not least, appearance can also build a positive attitude into oneself. Studies show that bright color and neat appearance can bring more happiness to people. Just imaging will you feel well if you see a nasty reflection in your mirror?

In short, the importance of personal appearance cannot be exaggerated in any sense. If you are aware of a feeling of alienation from other people, why not look at how your dressing is these days?
