 When we think about celebrities, they are the people who are getting popularity based on their personal appearance and fashion. They are the fashion icons that give impression of looking cool is utmost important in lives to the ordinary people. However, most of us don't have to concern too much about our appearance because it is nothing like our specialty that we make money for a living. Thus, I strongly agree with the argument that people stress too much on personal appearance and fashion as well. 
   
Living in a image-oriented world, people want to expose themselves as a unique creature wearing fashionable or stylish. In this way, they feel like they are establishing their identity, which I do agree. However, some people seem to be overly obsessed with how they look, thus falling into victims of these trends loosing self-confidence in how they look like. This kind of feeling make him belittled sometimes compared to someone else wearing a fancy clothes and looking shiny. 
  
Second issues that I want to address is we are more likely to forget about who the persons really are if we get to judge others based on their personal appearance including fashion code. Overlooking inner beauty could pose a serious social problem such as lack of philosophy that nurtures our souls and supports human dignity as the way it is. When I was young, my parents used to tell me how beautiful I am and thus make me think world around us is beautiful. I think they taught me how to appreciate my self-being and the world that I'm living with. 
  
In a nutshell, I would cherish people who have faith in who they are, not the way they look. No matter how people try to polish personal appearance, without focusing on inside beauty in them, they are nothing next to celebrities and fashion icons who sell their image for money. human beings need more dignity to support his or her well being not just outer materials they ajavascript:saveAnswer('saveAnswer.dowebct',0)
Savere wearing in them.  