Everyone just lives once so I think if you just let your life pass by, it will never comes back. So, it would be really a great advantage to people who know or are well aware enough to have plan for one's future when they are still young. Carefully plan one's life when still young brings the following benefits: you know what you need to do in order to achieve your goals; you know what to expect for in return of your efforts; and you can change your plan and make necessary alterations if required.

In the first place, you should carry out an accessment of your real ability, what you are good at, what you are interested in, and what does interest you. You should not only do it yourself but do ask other people, your friends, your relatives for example, for what they think you are good at. Then, set yourself certain goals for certain periods in your life. Once you are set in the way, you can focus on the most important thing in order to achieve your goal and you will not be distracted with other possibilities. However, you need to devise short term as well as long term plan so that you can address the challenges that you may meet. Long term plan may be just the general idea of what you may achieve while short term plan can  have what you need to achive even if on a day by day basis. 

I remember saying to myself that I would go abroad to study one day. I did not know to achieve it right away at the time but in order to do that I knew I had to do my best at every task that I was assigned to. It is just like you want to climb a very high mountain, you can not jump over it or climb to the top in a very short time because it is totally impossible, however, you can accomplish the task by considering the steps you will take, employing the optimal strategies, setting yourself attainable goals for a certain amount of time ,then you will gain what you expect to.

Another benefit of having a careful plan when you are still young is that you can make changes if necessary without doing much damage to your future. As you have had a plan to do, you nkow what to expect. Nevertheless, things may never happen as one expects so, if you are still young you can have another plan. One example is the Bill Gate, the president of the very successful Microsoft Coporation. I suppose he must have thought of completing his university education, earn a degree, and then find a good jod to support himself and his family. However, as it has turned out, he found out that he was not suitable for that track and it is an established fact that he dropped out of school. Had he not done that, I doubt if computers can be so popular and useful like nowadays.

In short, I am totally in favor of the idea that one should carefully pan their future well ahead of time, especially when one is still young. You can never live twice, so, why don't you make you life better by giving it the most favorable condition with good planning while you are still in the first stages of your life?
