When we are asked about our dreams in childhood, some people will feel very pride and say that what they are doing is what they want to do, however, others will complain that they are doing boring work, which is totally different from what they think several years ago.I think this argument is aroused for the ways they prepare for their future. What is more, I think the best way to ensure a good future is to plan it carefully as early as you are.

First of all, I think when we are young, we are more suitable to study the knowledge. The secientific research show that the intelligence of baby is not much different from each other. So, if we focus on the goal when we are young, for example, if some one want to be an IT expert, he or she can focus on mathematics and enginering when young. It will make him hold firm basic knowledge in computer science when he decide to pursue this career after graduation from school, and will make him easier to realize his dream.

Secondly, when people are young, they are less affected by other people and enviroment. For example, for married adults, they have many things to do in theire ordinary lives, such as taking care family and earning enough money, so they can not have enough time to focous on their goal. On the other side, sometimes, they have to abondon their goal to do someting they do not like at all for living. As for children, the life is much more simple, so they can spend more time  and more energy to prepare for their future.

Some people will argue that when we are old enough, we will have stronger ability to analysis our merits and shorts, and then decide what we should do in future. However, I would say altough it is right, but it is too late.
You can not imagine you will be n mathemics in a qualifed research institution when you are 20 old and you still have no idea about caculas and algebra. Because the current special knowldge is so complex and extensive.

All in all,  I think for a young person, we should plan our future very carfully right now. And with the help of modern education, we can focus on the special knowledge we will use in our future.
