Plannnig about future of a young person is a complicated matter. Particularly, a young person's planning of his future is even more complicated since it is vital to many future life outcomes of the person. Claiming that ensuring a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still one is an arguable statement. In my opinion it is not the best way of getting yourself ready for the future life though it definitetely should have a place on a young individual's agenda. 

Future is complex and many unexpected things happen in a person's life over the years. Hence, the idea of sticking to a strict plan that you made when are young may not be feasible in  reality. For  example, many of us plan to go to "best schools" and live in the "best places." Nevertheless, real life does not always let us go with our first choices. That is, you can end up with going to Georgia State even though your plans were to go to Harvard. Another one, you  may want to be pro-basketball player where you end up being a bus driver. 


Hence, when making plans about the future, a young person should make a very general plan. Then, try to achieve what he planned to do. Nevertheless, he or she should not be very strongly attached to what his or her plans are since, sometimes, we can not even achieve the first ten targets we set for ourselves. Thus, in addition to planning the future carefully, a young person should train himself of herself to get ready to deal with the unexpected challenges of life. This way, a person becomes more immune to the unexpected challenges of life. 

Obviously, one can claim that planning future carefully would incorporate such an idea of getting ready for the unexpected challanges. Nevertheless, ending up with the 10th best alternative leaves us out without a road map. No one can plan about a situation which could have never been expected. Hence, making carefull plans about future may somewhat hinder the readiness for the unexpected circumstances. 

In conclusion, as I stated above, a young person should try to make himself or herself ready for the reality of the life that could not even be incorporated by careful plans. Therefore, making carefull plans for the future is not the best way to ensure a good future. 
