To ensure a good future for yourself it is definitely important to make plans while you are young, but carefully planning while still being young is not the only and not the best way to ensure a good future for yourself for certain reasons.

First of all, if you start planning your future too early you might easly get caught up in what you are doing and what your plans are. For example, when you are in highschool you already know what college you want to go to, which degree you want to get, which classes you have to take in order to get that degree and where you want to work after getting that degree. The danger is that you see that pass so clearly, that you stop thinking about it and just take all the steps you have to take in order to get that job you are aiming for. In the end you might find, that you dont even like that job that much, because it is different from what you thought it would be when you made your plans in highschool. People change, preferences change and many other things change, you allways have to give yourself room to grow and be aware of yourself. In the example given above, if you would not have already known exactly what job you want to get, perhaps you would have spend more time thinking about your interests and you would have noticed that another major might actually be very good for you as well.

Secondly, making plans might be good but what happens if something comes in your way? What if you (once again refering back to the first example) took all the steps neccessary, without even considering anything else along your way, and then you do not get the job? Chances are good that you are devastated. All your life you were following that pass and right before you were about to achive your goal you did not get the job for some reason, that you can not figure out. Early on you should learn to always be able to make adjustments and especially in our fast changing business world, flexibility becomes more and more important. 100 years ago you might have been able carefully plan your future at a young age. For example, you grow up as a farmer learn from your father, get married to the neighbours daughter/son, take over your fathers farm and get children. But that (fortunatly) does not work any more. So planing carefully while being young, allways bears the risk of getting frustrated when your future does not turn out the way it is supposed to. In contrast to that you should remain a positive attitude, and be always ready for change.
