Almost everyone has his own dream since he was young. A lot of people succeed in modern times are just purchasing their goals formed young. Consequently, someone claims that the best way to secure bright future for people is to get a careful plan when they were young. Hoever, in my point of view, planning carefully while young is not good for people's future.

People usually don't have a clear goal for their future. They are not clear about what they are going to do and how to achieve their goal. In this period, the most imporatant thing to them is not forming a exact plan but learning as much as possible. Actually the aim for future is not formed when you born but gradually generated in the process of learning. It usually takes a student 12 years to finish the pre-college study. Your interests, your focus, and your aims may change a lot of times during this period. Even after completing your college study, a lot of people do not work for what they intended to do before. For example, Bill Gates, the most sucussful businessman in the world, doesn't know what he is going to do when he was young. His success was derived from a occasional inspriation in his college study. 

If the young, following the statement that planning carefully for their future, they will probably lose a lot of chances to ehance themselves. Having a shaped plan in mind, people will probaly only consider what they think helpful for achieving the plan as their study subjects. Meantime, neglecting other sources also useful for their growth, the young would  have a lot defects in his knowledge construction, and not good for his future. For instance, a young student who want to become a journalist in future study only reporting and writing in his course. However, in fact, a real journalists also needs a lot of knowledge about history, economics, and even science. In China, more and more media do not prefer journalism major students as their first choice because they think those students lack of a thorough knowlege.

In conclusion, the young, if want to success and have a bright future, should not plan too carefully and exactly. The best way for them is to absorb as much knowledge as possible, and let the goal and generated in the process of study.
