I agree with the above opinion that "the best way to ensure a good future for ourselves is to plan carefully while you are still young" because careful planning is a necessary but not sufficient condition for the success.   Early planning during our young times can help us figure out our career objective early,  can leave us more time to refine our work, and further provide us with more space to enjoy our lives. 

First, to plan early is important for our whole life's career objective.  The main reason is that many people spend much time searching for what they like to do.  This kind of phenomenon can bee found in college where many students frequently change their majors before they finally find their favorite.  Similarly, we can often find many people who keep trying new jobs, sometimes side jobs.  The reason for doing that is they haven't yet found their real interest and thus can not settle down to one job for the rest of their lives.  The result associated with this kind of behavior is that they may not become professional in their jobs and therefore, may not be able to make a good salary, which can potentially influence the overall quality of their lives. 

Secondly, it costs us a lot of time if we plan late for our future.  Take the same example mentioned above, although college students might accumulate more experience during the searching process, more importantly, they waste a lot of time, which could have been spent on more valuable things. It means that if a child sets his/her interest as early as in middle school, he/she can focus on that interest and deepen it in the near future, rather than spend time looking around to search.  

The last reason lies in the fact that there is always time competition between our career and our lives.  Most people find it hard to balance their lives because they are too busy with their work.   As a result, a series of problems will occur for workaholics.  For instance, their relationship with family members may get worse because they don't have enough time communicating with their family members.  Bad relationship can further bring stress, which is harmful to health.  If this kind of bad relationship occurs circly on us, it is hard to get successful in our lives.

To summarize, to plan early is essential in guaranteeing our success in the sense that more time allows us to find our interest as early as possible so that we can reach a nice balance in our lives.