I completely agree to the statement that it is indeed necessary and advisable to plan carefully while you are young to have a good future.

Let us first understand what we mean by planning. Planning is the process by which one analyses the stakes of yesterday and understands the needs of tomorrow to decide what he needs to do today. This rather crude definition when observed carefully would throw some light on the concept of planning. 

Being part of the Software industry I better understand the needs for planning. It is absolutely neccessary for a software company to plan every process in Software development before actually starting a project to ensure a high quality Software product is developed. This infact hold good for any industry, as planning would reduce the risks which a company would face in the future, and also aid the employees to be prepared for a risk which couldn't be mitigated by planning. At a much lower level, it is necessary for every student to plan his work each day to complete all the requirements of his course work on time. 

At a much higher level, one needs to plan his career path to achieve what he wants to be in the future. It is important to take the right path which can be done only by detailed planning of what needs to be done, when. This would not only ensure a good future for a person but will also ensure that he would have a good present and an excellent past which would further enable him to have a better future. 

The importance of planning has been dicussed in detail in books which are categorized as philosophical or scientific or under many other broad categories. All these only indicate the fact that planning is the fundamental foundation for any acivity that needs to be performed. It has thus been proved that it is more than necessary to plan and also that planning yields results which can never be obtained without it.  

The need for planning when one is young comes from the fact that the human brain detiorates with time. It was always better to do the planning when the mind is fresh and young rather than do it when it tired and old. Another reason for this is ofcourse that, there is a broader future when you are young than when you are old. 
