I definitely agree that in order to ensure a good future for myself, I need to plan carefully in my youth. My past experience of planning and collecting the good result has proved this trueth. 

The biggest and most successful plan I made is to prepare for study abroad in my academic area. As I have known the advancement in the area of Computer Science earlier when I enter the college, I always hope to have a chance to know new technology and experience the different study style in westen countries. At the same time, clearly know of my advantage and shortcoming in study and performance, I make a rough plan in my second college year. I plan to pass the English test such as Toefl and GRE in my third year and leave the last year for searching for fitful universities in the U.S. For improve English ability and pass the difficult  English exams, I have set aside some courses study and concentrate very hard on preparing the exam. At that time, many of my peer students just start discussing whether to go abroad study. So I become the first one to pass TOEFL and GRE test with a decent grade, which proves to be a wise decision later as a swath of students apply for these English exam and the enrollment soon out of seats. Some of my peers have to wait for the next season of the exams while I already begin writing required documents such as Resume and searching school. Then in the last year of my undergraduate, I have supplied complete material for graduate study admission of 20 universities. However, unfortunatelly, I didn't receive any admission for entrance with tution stipends, which I have to depend on for the study cost. At the end of year, as I planned for the smallest possiblity, that I failed in all application and have to hasten for the graduate school entrance exam in my own country. Although only 4 monthes left for preparing this exam, I kept an eye on the test materials while I was preparing application for foreigh universities. In the end, I quickly shifted to the battle of this entrance exam and win it, which is to the big surprise of all my pals. When they asked me how I managed to prepare application for a dozen of universities abroad while review the 5 courses of myriads of questions for the graduate entrance exam, I said because I have plan how to do early. I always take full advantage of my time and consider all possibility.  This make me graceful in handling exception situations, and always keep me in the right, positive track of career.  

The narration of my story is more of an evidence of the benifit of early life planning than a show off. A good plan may not necessary lead to a successful end but in order to gain success, one must make careful plan early and work strictly towards the plan without retreat. If I did like my peers, some hope to study abroad but tends to delay taking English exams, many of them have missed the right time of applying because of the inappropriate exam time, or have confliction between the time of taking the exams and preparing application materials. The result of my story does prove the argument, as I am the only student in my grade up to now who manages to come abroad after 6 years of study in my college. 
