Introduction
Planning could be defined as the thorough and proper thinking process about a specific process to obtain a specified end result. So planning is a important process in one's life that would determine their future well being.

But long term planning would sometimes result in the mismatch of your interests which you would develop during the course of your evolution in life. For example you would tend to get into a business profession in your earlier age just because of the environment at that time that favored this field and which would earn you a lot of money. But by the course of time, you tend to develop a flair for biology. You wonder why things evolve and the mechanisms behind that and this would form a part of your interest and therefore you could better be off in this field rather a business profession.

So the first step would be to identify one's interest and then plan the rest of the life with our interests being coated all along through the life. Planning could be bifurcated into long term and short term planning. Short term would be planning for the day to day activities and would form as a subset of the long term planning. Long term planning also could be divided into three types according to me. They are high, medium and low priority long term planning. High priority planning are those that would choose your career, health, attitude. Medium priority would include those life style activities like property, car and the like and the low priority long term planning would be the fashion statement which you would like yourself to be associated with. So the planning has to be prioritized accordingly not only for the day activities but it acts as the shock absorbers during times of unexpected activities.

Planning in the younger days also makes one more confident and mature and would help in carrying oneslf with the least of confusions. Also once you identify your interest you would not be diverted by other lucrative fads that would evolve and vanish in a short span or your interest for that which would dissuade fastly during the course of time.

Also planning in the youth would negate the possibility of a switchover to other careers which would enthrall at the first instant and would alleviate later. The second set which is of medium priority would help in ornamenting our high prioritized planning and so they should be scheduled accordingly

A confused mind would always tend to divulge in life where he would finally experience a roadblock which occurs instantaneously where he would not have the possible solutions to counteract the same, whereas a planned person has very less opportunities for encountering the same and even if he is encountered with one, he would have the possible solutions for that.

Finally, on a concluding note, planning in the youth would negate all the unnecessary deviations in life and would make life easier and simpler.
