To plan organizedly is essential for people to make their future prosperous.  Some people already made their plan when they were young whereas other people do not decide their future until they are grown up. I firmly believe that to plan while they are still young is best way to make their future prosperous. 

First, if people decide their future in their young age, they can organized their future in advance. That means people anticipate their future, thus they can make their specific plan. For example, when I was young, I already plan myself to study abroad. Therefore, I tried to study English everyday and get the opportunity to talk with native speakers. In addition, after graduating from the university, I prepared the Toefl exam for entering graduate school in the United States. That kind of preparation led me to get gool result and I could get the admission from the school. I can proceed my steps such as according to my plan. All my better accomplishments came from my plan I made while I am young. 

Second, ealier plan leads people to make their lives better. Even if the plan people made while they are young is not accomplished, people can find that their life is better than before. Suppose that people do not make any plan during their young life. They may not have any ambition and dream. The people who did not plan about their future in their young life cannot help living a passive life. For example, when I was young, I made my future plan. On the other hand, my friend, who went to same school, did not have any plan at that time. Even though she was smart, she did not any hope about her future. At that time, our results of test was similar. However, I always tried to correct my errors not for making the same mistake next and I studied hard because I had a plan to study abroad and teach students some day. As a result, my friend who did not any plan about her future cannot get any prosperous results at all. I certain that I can make my life better owing to my plan. Therefore, I believe that the plan makes people's lives fruitful.

In conclusion, I think most important thing is to make one's plan as soon as possible. After that, he or she only accomplish their current job according to their plan. As a result, they can get their purpose that they really wanted to in the end. 
