I personall, agree with the statment says that , plan your future carefully while you are young.  There are so many things we have to concider while planing to our future. The first important thing is, If we plan ahead It will give us time to think,  Things will run in a way we want and smoothl and we will be able to teach others or inherit our best goals for others. 

Planing ahead can give us time to think and perfom accuratly. For example if one student have exam and he/she waited untill the last minute, he/she wont be able to get good grades. But one who plan before test and ready for the test will be successful and end up with good grades. One has to learn how to mange time and learn use his/her time wisely. As practice on some thing makes us perfect one day, If we plan our future ahead and practiced to what it takes us we will have success. 

Additionally, If we plan ahead we will run things smoothly, carfully and smartly. Planning ahead for your our future will gives us benefit by giving enough time so we can perform the given tasks in a mean time. we will have so many choices while we are young, so inorder to select one, we have to look around and perfom which is good and bad. We all are energetic while we are young so we have to use our energy and make a good futue for ourselves and for the family members. 

Furthermore, Planing ahead and being successful in life, we will be able to teach others in a way we have learned. For example the successful family can teach thier kids how to plan ahead and what it takes to get things done in a way we want. so Planning ahead will be helpful. The last minute decission will lead us in to wrong direction of life sometime so if we persue our future while we are young we will have enough time and energy to reach it. 

In conclusion, One can be successufl by planning before things become to close. Thus if we give time, do things carfully, and finallly we willl be able to teach other in such way they can do the same thing for others. 
