Being "young" and assuming a responsibility like "planning" - which indeed requires some level of maturity - seem to be rather contradictory; at least for me. Planning, I discovered, was an option that I was given here, when I first set foot in the USA, or to be more precise, at GSU. My advisor asked me what I wanted to do and which classes I wanted to take. I remember looking at him, completely dumbfounded and completely at a loss; not really sure if I had understood the question correctly.

Why was he bothering me with that question? What was wrong with him? After all,I had chosen a path at the age of 16: this was the French way and then, there was no turning around possible: either it was so difficult that you ended up sticking with the subject that you had chosen, or you might run the risk of having a resume looking like the holes of some well-rippen French cheese!!! and that was never very good for a  job interview. 

After all, I thought my "planning" was done; In France, you just entered University and everything was already laid down for you: the classes you were supposed to take, the books you were supposed to buy. You first had a Bachelor in the field, then a Masters and eventually something else. Why would you want to start with some field and then, make up your mind and switch to something else?

This is surely the reason why I love this teacher so much: he showed me that I could plan on my own and decide on my own. And he told me that if I really wanted to aim high and to obtain this diploma, I needed to plan "now" i-e when I was on the starting blocks...

So, to answer the question that I am asked here, I would say "Yes", you definitely need to plan in advance, in order to find your own way and in order to know where you want to go. On the other hand, answering "yes" to this question would mean that you do not leave any open space for those who, when older, come up with different plans. The question specifically links two concepts: being "young" and "planning" - Therefore it does not leave much opportunity to those who enjoyed their young age too much or to those who were thrown into adulthood at too early an age and who, as such, did not take  or were not offered, the chance of "planning.' For we all know that being young is being full of energy and dreaming high, but we also know that it is also being fickle and not having a clear idea of what reality is; at times, of what life brings along. 

Therefore, I would answer "yes" but would leave the doors open. Planning is still planning and as such, must be ready for change and for novelty. A good future is not only a matter of good planning, it is also a matter of following this planning (I would underline or italicize the word "following" here) and mainly a matter of being offered some opportunities that you would never have encountered if life and reality had not intervened !!!