To me, a good future is defined as a life with a well-suited career and a good family life. Such a future can be achieved through many means, such as good networking, support from family and friends, diligence, focus, perserverence and determination. Planning is important at some point as well, though I disagree that it is the best way. 

When we are still young, there are many things yet in life that we have not encountered. Such experiences, people, circumstances and places can and will make a large impact on the decisions and life choices we make. Hence, youth is a disadvantage for such a life-determining plan.

To plan carefully in advance is the ideal and organised way to attain success in many things, such as a vacation, purchasing a car, or investing money. However, for such a broad thing as 'a good future', to start planning early would be a mistake, as at that point in time when the planning process begins, the individual lacks the experience, information and awareness to make a firm, practical decision on his or her future career. For example, a 13-year-old, though exposed to many academic subjects in school, has only interacted with common-age peers, teachers, family and perhaps neighbors. He or she has merely been to school, home, and other similar safe comfortable zones. With such a limited social circle and protected environments, a youth cannot possibly form strong ideals of what his or her future entails and start planning for it. 

To have a good family life in the future cannot be attained through planning while one is young. It is neither practical nor realistic. Knowing one's preferences for a spouse or the number of children that can be economically supported is useful, but such variables change with time and age.

In conclusion, I believe that though it is essential to start the process of considering what to do in the future and have a goal to work towards, it is not of utmost importance to plan young in order to ensure success in the future.
