Early planing

Early planing for the future is very important for a person the wants to sucseed in life. When we plan we we know what is the next step that we need to take twords the succes. We can associate planing with directions of a product that we buy that need assembly. Very often we think that we know how to do it with out reading the directions and then we realize that it is not as simple as we though, and as a result we take much longer to buld it and sometimes we give up. Planing is very similar to the directions. To acheave a goal that we need we have to remeber two things when we plan, one, our goal can not be something that is imposible for us as individual, and two, we have to always remember the steps of our plan.

Many people plan become someone that makes alot of money because that is what they want, but what they forget is that to get there is not always easy. Most of the time to get to something big takes time and alot of efford that we don't want to put into it. A person that plans their way of getting twards something that they want realize wheather they can do it or not. For example, a single mom that wants to be able to live easier might want to become a doctor because she knows that doctors make alot of money, what she did not realized is that to get there she need alot of time to put into the school and most of the times for a single mom that is imposible. In this situation, this step can make someone think that it is imposible to ever atcheave anything. If she would have planed for ir and realized that she can not do it she would choose something that she can acheave and go for it. Possible goal make planning become a success.

As we set our steps that we have to take to reach our goal, we always have to remember that we need to stay focused. A plan is nothing when you dont follow it as you go on. Many people in the middle of their way to their goal realize that they want to become something else, which is very normal, but it takes more planning and sometimes we have to start over. This will take more time and more patiance, but if we plan for it we can do it.

Planning is very important to do, because this is something that keeps us going. I fwe don't plan we don't have a reason to do the things that we might not like to do. People without a plan very often quit and don't try to go on. There are people that don't plan and succsed but that usually take more time and makes the goal look impossible to be reached. When we plan we can know where we are on our way and when we can expact to reach our goal and that makes it all possible.

Plan is what gets us from being nothing to becoming something. 
