As a French citizen, my first answer would be that indeed, you need to plan your future carefully and as soon as possible. When I was part of the French educational system, I had to choose what I wanted to specialize in when I was 14.  When I was 15, I was asked the question again and had to decide between literature, science or economy. If it seems to be a good way to orientate people in various fields of study, asking a 15 years old like me what he/she wants to do for a living is a question without any answer. I was clueless. What was scary for me in that the French educational system does not offer the flexibility  to change once one is engaged in an area of study. With a high school diploma specialized in literature, there was no way for me to study maths at university. At the same time, you are given everything at the beginning of a school year: paper topics you have to write about, , classes you have to take, your schedule,etc.

I realized the benefits and the freedom offered by the American system when I experienced it. Studies are longer but one has time to choose what he/che like, to try and to take classes that are of interest to you before declaring a major, which would have been ideal for me as a teenager. 

Of course, planning your career in advance seems to be the ideal thing to do and it seems that -at least in the classes I teach at GSU- most students know what they want to do for a living and how to achieve their goals. Personally, I am not one of them:  I know I do want to teach but I am still trying to decide on a field of study. However, I know that I will be successful in the area of study I will select. My only problem is that my interests are too broad! 

I am not convinced that the age of a person matters  much in planning one's future. What I have learned being in the USA is that the most important thing is to be passionate about what you do, no matter how old you are. It is a question of interest in the USA contrary to France where planning your career depends on the job market, trying your best to find a secure job even if it is not what you want to do. The American educational system also allows you, if older, to go back to university and start over, which was not possible in the educational system I am used to. I do believe then that planning your career as nothing to do with your age but it has to match your passion. However, it does depend on the educational system you are part of. 
