The statement "The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young" is a little bit ambiguous. In fact, I think we have to reach an agreement on what we mean by "young".
Some people consider those who are under 40 "young" people. But, others think that youth is not related to age, but to the ability to handle challenging situations. 

Considering what is above, I'm wondering whether the statement is considering the first definition or the second. However, considering the wording and formulation of the question, I can assume the first definition has to be taken into account because of the phrase "while you are STILL young". Taking into account this definition, I mostly agree with the statement that " The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young."

Many reasons prompt me to agree with it. First, when you are young, you have a certain amount of energy and time to achieve a certain number of things. For example, you can't wait until the age of 40 before deciding whether you're going to be an athlet. Secondly, youth is considered as the foundation of someone's life. The way you organize your youth will likely affect your whole life. Suppose, a young person spends all his youth time playing, drinking alcohol, taking drugs, etc. This person cannot be expected to succeed in life when we take into account the general standard. For example, it was repoted that former U.S. President Bill Clinton, had developed a sense of becoming a U.S. President while he was still young. Although, coming from a relatively poor family,he worked hard, managed his relations and spent his time reading about politics, economics, watching news related to his objective. He became one of the most prestigeous U.S. President. He wouldn't have become President if he had failed doing what is mentioned above. However, can we always equate good planning during someone's youth with future success in life? 

Although, this is generally the case, there are some people who don't follow such a pattern.For example, Piaget, one of the great educational psychologists, spent his youth wandering in Europe, until he met with the one who changed his life. But, cases like that of Piaget, are exceptions to the rule.
