Life is full of uncertanty. Every decision can have different outcomes depending on the situation, external factors and even luck. But that is not an excuse for people to go on with life with any kind of plan. It is difficult to plan ahead, especially too many years ahead. However, there should be planning at least for a reasonable amount of time in the future. I agree with the previous statement that planning while we are still young is the best way to ensure our future.

One example are teenagers that finish high school. Traditionaly, at least in the majority of the countries in the world, it is expected for a person to finish high school but the real question is what to do after that. People that don't plan and decide ahead whether they want to keep studying or joining the labor market, can lose terrible amount of time. The teenage years are the most difficult years in a person's life because it seems that the whole world is opening in front of our eyes with thousands of choices for us that can totally change our lifes. Therefore, decisions and planning are required at this time more than ever. Last minute decisions can cost us years, even decades. A person that didn't think it through and decide to work instead of studying can regret that after years and try to go to school when the time is not the optimal any more because of other resposabilities or just because age. Furthermore, going into college without knowing what to major in can derivate into 10 or more years in college taking random classes and not being able to graduate.

This is just one simple decision that we saw which can change our lifes forever. There are thousands of choices that we have in front of us each day that can change the course of our lives. A good way to plan is always ask to older people who care about us like our parents and grandparents. The have more experience in life and they are a good source in our life research so we can make the best decision for us.

In conclusion, we have to dedicate time and effort to analyze our choices, research all the options and try to plan our lifes as much as we can. It is imposible to plan everything because the world and life are not exact sciences or perfectly working machines. However, if we plan ahead, we can get the best outcome for us in any specific situation in our lifes. And most importantly, we can be happy with ourselves and we can reach personal realization.
