There are some countries that make their people decide their future path in their early age. Japanese people need to choose a major subject at college and an occupational path approximately when they graduate from high school. Moreover, if their age is not the range it is supposed to be, they are less likely to be accepted into the society. For example, the students who graduate from college at their age 30 may have hard time fiding a new job. On the other hand, some countries are relatively accepting the flexibility about their future path. Both countries have good and bad points, and it is difficult to determine which people are happier. However, I agree with the statement that planning carefully whie young ensures a good future because of the following two reasons. I will present specific examples and support my argument.

First, the teen pregnancy is a social problem in society, especially among black females. The people who become pregnant during their teennage years are more likely to drop out from school and suffer from poverty. Many of them are not ready to take the responsibility to be a mother or a father and do not know how hard to raise children. They are not financialy secure and do not have enough money to take care of children. In addition, it is important to attain higher education in this society because the educational achievement is closely related to the occcupation people can get and the salary they receive. Therefore, dropping out from school causes a financial problem in their future. If they planned their future well in advance, these problems could have been avoided.

Second, by deciding their future early and focusing on achieving that goal, people promote the expertised knowledge. If they know what they would like to do in the future, they study one subject exclusively and become expert eventually. If people can get the job they really like they may be happy about their lives. Moreover, it is good for society as well because the experts can develop the technology or invent the new things such as medicine.

For these reasons, I support the idea that planning the future in the early age helps people to obtain happier future. It is also important to be prepared for the emergency cases that they cannot pursue their plan. It is not necessary to stick to the plan completely, but planning ahead contributes to consider their future carefully.
