Regarding the statement about how best to ensure your future i must partly agree and partly disagree. As I se it it depends on how you understand the word "plan". What is ment by this word. 

Sometimes one has an overall plan of what they wish to do in life. This plan may be very specific and be on a year by year basis describing what should be acomplished in every year, or the plan may just be an overall goal of what one wants to achieve by the age of 80.

No matter how the plan is set up there is no way of insuring that it will work out that way. This is mainly due to that fact that so many aspects of the future, if not to say all of them, are out of our control. You as a person do not have any idear what may happen tomorrow to change your life forever. Because of all these factores that can not be calculated and estimated, there is no garuntee that your plan can be relized. With this in mind I must disagree with the opening statement about how planning can ensure a good future. 

Another argument that would convince me to disagree with the statement is the fact that your plan can change many times during life. When you are young you might se yourself going in one direction and having certain goals but as you get older your perspective may change and other values become more important to you and you therefore must ajust your plan. 

As I said earlier I also agree somewhat with the statement. I belive that planning can be a useful tool in life that can help you. Planning is not only about having a life plan from now til you are 80, it is also about making som choises that will effect your life in a certain way. 

I good example of that is weather or not you think about your pension when you are young. Setting up a pension plan when you are in your 20's is to many people a strange concept and people tend to say that they will take care of that at a more apropriate time. But I believe that this is good planning that can help ensure your future. So if you at the age of 25 start planning for you future by setting up a pension plan you can help ensure your future financially. Using this argument i must agree in the opening statement. However, even by setting up a pension plan at 25 you are not sure that it will at some point insure your future. Again there are many outside influences that we have no control over, but at the end of the day I belive that having a good plan can't hurt you as much as not having one at all. 
