I personally disagree with the statement "the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young".  Who know what the future will brings to us.  There are many variables in life to anticipates them all.

What is it means to have a good or successful future?  Different people have different opinions on this.  To me, to have a good future is to be financially stable, and to do the things that I like to do.  Right now there are high demands for nurses in the health care field.  Nurses now "could" earns a well pay position in a private clinic or in the hospital.  They can also able to pick their own hours at certian places.  As a nurse, I could have a well pay job; therefore, I will be financially stable in the future.  Should I begins to plan my future to be a nurse because of there are high demands and well pays for nurses position right now?  Do I know that nurse still going to be in high demand in the future when I finish the program?  I do not like working as a nurse, should I still plan to be a nurse just because I will be financially stable in the future?

Let say my childhood dream is to be a family physician in the future.  To ensure my dream come true in the future, I start to take classes relates to medical field.  Ready myself for the future while I am still young.  Planning what choices should I make to bring me one step closer to my goal.  After follows through my plan flawlessly for many years and it is my second years in medical school.  Unfortunately, on the way to classes one day, I was involes in a car accident and I cannot walks anymore.  Unfortunate thing happens to good people all the time.  After many years of planning and making all the right choices to follow my dream, suddenly, I reach the end of the road.  It was not because anything wrong with my plan but it is because of things that we cannot foreseen in the future.  Doesn't matter you have the greatest plan in the world or the greatest plan of all time, we still cannot factor in the variables that the future will bring.

In conclusion, we do know what the future will brings to us.  We cannot ensure what we plan now going to make us successful in the future.
