The problem on hand is whether the people need to plan carefully in the young age to ensure a good future. Someone agree that it is the best way. On the other hand,  others do not agree this opinion. In my point view and with my personal experience, I do not agree with this opinion with the following reasons.

In the first place, when people are young, they do not have enough konwlege and ability to make a good and detail plan for the future. For instance, when I was young, I wanted to buy a toy, but I do not have enough money to buy it, so I decide to earn some money with a plan to sell some chinese cards that belong to me to the classmates. I made a very detain plan and thought it very carefully. However, I failed to earn any money, because I went to a wrong direction, even I have a very careful plan. In my plan, I focused on selling my cards to girls other than boys, because I believe that the girls were richer than boys. It is true that girls were richer, but they were not interested in my cards that were boy's card. Do you think that this plan can ensure a good future for myself? Definately, NO.

In the second place, it is really hard for young people to prepare a plan for a long run. When I was young, I never thought and worried about 20 years later. I only made plan no more than one year. Although sometimes I made plan very carefully, it only helped for a short period or only one point. It does not mean to ensure a good future for me.

Last but not least, nowadays is information era. We accept many information everyday, even a very good plan will change very quickly by the time. Especially, as young people, we changed our ideas faster than anything. Therefore, it is not realistic to make a plan that will ensure a good future.

In a word, it must be mentioned that those three explainations sometimes interwine to form a whole better than any one of them. I believe that planning carefully while you are still young is not the best way to ensure a good future.
