Life is a learning process, and things that we learn at an early stage help us grow smart and strong. In the fast growing era of technology the competition is also increasing at a high rate and therefore it is very important to plan our future well in advance. At the young age everyone is given a brief overview of all the possible subjects and thus, one can choose the subject with his/her best interest. 

It is very important to have a clear picture of what needs to be done and how to go about it. And teachers and parents can guid when u are young. These days children are given extra oppertunities to explore their areas of interest. Educational Intstitutions like "Saturday School for Gifted children" are very helpful in broadening the intellectual level of the children at an early age. This gives an insight to the children about various aspects apart from what they learn at elementry school. 

We see grown-ups who are skeptical about their careers cause they did not plan in advance. On the other end people who plan in advance are far more successful. Earlier  a person had to wait for atleast 10- 15 years to get to a position of CEO in an organisation but now thanks to the advances in the Education System and technology, people climb the ladder at an early stage. I think thats because they are well informed and they plan at a very early age. 

If we plan in advance obout what we want to do in our future than we can achieve our goals step by step and in less time. I think we have one life and it should be planned and utilized well. Our future is a mirror of the world and we must plan it so we can contribute significantly to the overall improvement of our surroundings. 

High aims and clear planning makes a strong will and dedicated personality. All the famous Surgons, Doctors, Engineers, Architects who are young must have started planning at an early age in life. And now they can contribute for a long time to serve humanity. 

Todays children are the future of the nation, and if they plan their future carefully and at an early stage, that will ensure a successful country.
