I do agree that to have a prosperous and bright future you need to start planning very early. But it is not easy for anyone to make a decision what they want to do when they get old or in next 5 or 20 yrs. Even if you plan carefully you have to see a lot of ups and downs till you decide what is your goal or what is the right field for you.

I also think that it takes time for a person to settle down, finish studies and then choose a career related to his degree which may not be right on the first shot.

When you are young you have a lot on your mind that you need to do this or do that, or your parents and family force you to do something else that you don't want but you still have that in your mind. Also when you are young you go through a lot of peer pressure, like your friends is choosing this  field which you want to go too but you are not sure. So it takes a lot of you time and effort to decide what you want to do in your life and what to plan for you future.

Usually when a person go to a college, its get very hard for them to decide which major to choose, even if they choose they major at once, they might not like the classes in a semester or so, that will make them to change their major again. These things happens alot in college life, which also takes some years from you to get a bachelors or master degree of your chosen degree.

Once you get your degree and finish school, you must have an opprtunity too to pratically work on that field and make money and plan your future on your basis. You may not make enough money on your job , which might take you in a different direction.

Even if you don't have a degree or want to do a business, it takes time to establish you business, if you suceed in your business then only you can plan you future on that. Some people don't suceed in their business and changes their field and trys some thing else.

So it doesn't matter if you are pursuing a degree or going for a business it takes time to establish and then plannig your future on that. I do agree that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young, but it not easy for everyone becasue there are many time constraints.
