People always ask me how I have become so successful. They ask when I decided to do what I am doing now, if there was a person that influenced my decision, if I had planned my future ahead... I usually give a frowned look when I hear this, because I believe that a good future that you imagine for yourself is not due only to good planning. 

It's in human nature to think that a human being is the next almighty person after God. It is the myth that is being promoted by happy faces of successful businessmen, models, sportsmen looking at us from the TV screen. Everything is in your power. With a decent amount of good planning and hard work you can achieve anything you want and ensure a happy life. It is especially true for the Western society where ambition and vanity are worshipped. If you take a look at the use of verbs in resumes and CVs you will see such verbs as plan, accomplish, realize, think ahead, achieve, etc.

Now the reader may think that I don't make plans at all. That is, of course, not true. Everybody makes plans, daily plans, weekly plans, lomg-term plans...But think of the time when you were young! What did you have on your mind? Did you think of a brilliant career in real estate? Was your New Year resolution about how to make a good future for yourself? No. Mostly not. 

And then, the perception of a good future changes with maturity. When you were young, probably you wanted to have a lot of money and to lead a carefree life. But as you get older and get mature, this idea of good life undergoes metamorphosis. To me it means to live in a world without without wars, without national and ethnic hatred, without fights. A good future for me is when I can do what I like to do and see happy people around me. I guess that doesn't involve a lot of planning.

Besides, it's easy to make plans when you are well off and have at least some resources that will back up your plans. But when you think of other societies where corruption and nepotism are corroding the infrastructure and people's minds, it is hard to make any plans as they are living in societies where it's hard to predict what tomorrow is going to be like. So sometimes it is impossible to plan at all. What plans did young people in Rwanda make to ensure their good future? What plans do people make in Pakistan? So very often a bit of luck determines everything. At least, I have always felt that besides making plans, it is necessary to be in the right place at the right time, and that plans that you made while you were young are not the plans you would be proud of now.
