I do agree with the statement. Planning is probably the most crucial virtue of a person, primarily because it is usually done at a high level of abstraction - when we think on higher levels, we tend to see what lies beneath the surface. Of course it is just as important to execute the plans.

Not many people plan for the future. And a remarkably low fraction of us start early. Most of us are too carried away by our daily routines to think ahead. All the more so because these days people move and work fast and far. There are always newer, better job oppurtunities, so people jump jobs faster. There's always no time for casual planning.

One solution to this may be to plan in steps. It is vital to use our free time in several installments to gradually work up a solid plan. The best part is, once we decide on a framework, our job is done. Of course, now and then if some major event occurs in our life - say a financial or medical emergency, we may've to make, albeit small changes to the plan. Nothing more though. 

It is also important to seek the guidance of experienced people vis-a-vis financial, educational and health matters. This is especially important if one is starting to work on a career plan early.

Another psycological reason is that planning for the future instills a sense of responsibility in the person at a young age, which can furthur improve his wisdom and personality. The smarter he is, the more he earns! (Really?!!)

These days, owing to huge market competition, banks, insurance, fixed deposit and mutual fund agencies are coming up with attractive schemes. People can take advantage of plans offered by these agencies without having to work out the details. Of course you'll have to work with them to choose the one the suits you best.

Somewhere down the lane, everyone should expect an emergency. So it is important for anyone to save up, regardless of how much he/she earns.

Saving for the future is not that tough. You just need a decent job to get you started! If you are broke like I am, you can't save!
