the argument here states that one can achieve a good future if he/she plan carefully in his/her youth. I tend to agree with this argument in general. but I aslo think this argument could be subjected to futher elaboration.  

first of all, we all know that part of the role in one's early ages is to learn the way one's society or culture funtions and, very importantly, learn the knowledges and skills to survive in it. Modern educational system, at least its basic educational parts, teachs young kids some fundamental rules and knowledges in the society. families play the same roles. all in all, early educational experience in a child's life make him/her capable of surviving in the society.

however, in order to ensure a good future, just receive the basic education that the society could offer is far from enough. today's highly evolved, highly complicated society calls for individuals with extensive and often specialized knowledges and skills. in order to generate such a knowledge and skill base, one needs to invest more time, energy and money into higher education, colleges or graduate schools, for example.  

if previous experience teaches me anything, it is that all of these educational "investment" has to be planed at a fairly young age of one's life. in order to accumulate the level of knowledges needed for future success, the process of learning has to be started the sooner the better. this is not only because we are better learners when we are young, but also it simply give us the leverage of experience that accumulated in time. 

on the other hand, while early planning is certainly important to ensure a successful future, we still can't deny the other factors that might involved in. personal interest, for example, may change over time. one's childhood dream may be given up when he/she grow up and hence the investment associated to it. but even with such possibilites, we should still consider early planning as a key to one's successful future.            
