In a Asian American Young Professions colloqium, a professor at Emory University said, choices define one's success. He exlained, life is full of choices; people have to make the right choice  to be successful. How can we make right choices? A life plan is the key. 

Plan can be short-term and long-term. Short-term plans define our daily activities, while long-term plans sets a goal and people need to work constantly on it. For youngth, it is good to have a long-term plan. It is very common in China that children study hard from elementary school in order to pass the college entrance exam. Their long-term goal before college was to get into a college. As a result, most Chinese enter college without knowing which major they really want to be in. A pervasive question Chinese college students ask themselves is "what kind of job I want to do after college?" Some students may be have a talent in finance, but they end up majoring in physics. When they finally decided they want to go to finance, it is usually four years later. What a waste of time! If they have noticed their interest when they were young and set the plan ahead, it would not have happen in that way.

Life is short, time management is one of the most important factor that ensure one's sucess. Plan ahead is helpful to prepare oneself in mind what he or she need to complish in a certain period of time, and thus, it is key to time management. Nowadays, with the rapid development of technology, human beings, not like hundreds years ago, have more and more choices to manage their time. We can choose to watch TV, surf on the internet, or read, or travel, etc. Which choice is benificial to our future; which one serves to enrich ourselves; which one is a waste of time, we need to make a decision. How do we define the usefulness of an activity? It depends on our plan. Without a plan, people are easily sitting before TV for a whole day until they notice they missed a great speech which is very important for their carrer. 

However, it is not enough to just plan. Plan is just words or thoughts, without working on it, it can never be reality and be paid off. Therefore, besides plan, behavior another key to sucess. Without a plan, people are less likely to be success, for they may be distracted by the colorful world. While without actuall doing, one can never be success. What they will have will be merely a dream of successful life. 

