Some people prefer planing everything well before they do, while others don't. The "everthing" I mentioned surely includes the future. Personally, if I were such case, I will choose to plan since young. To better explain this, I seperate this into several parts.

First of all, I think, after planing everything, one can have the idea on whether he has already done well every a period of time. It is much easier to obtain the goal if you achieved every little steps. To furthure understand this, I will take the example of solving maths problem. Everyone knows that, facing a maths problem, the best way is to divide it into many small ones. If you can solve these small ones one by one, you will certainly conquer the big one. I believe the way to have a good future is way the same: do follow your plan, you can be succeed. Plan is important.

Second of all, I think if someone wants to ensure a good future, having a plan is not enough, he should have a carefully plan. A carefully plan can help him having a more clear observation on the way he is walking. I once heard that, there is a good way to be a successful man: knowing what you want to be when you were young, then think about how you can do that. A detailed example is needed here. If someone wants to be a famous doctor, he need to be graduated from the top medical school in the world--- Harvard medical school. Then one step before, how can he go into Harvard? He need to go to a well-known high school and got all 'A'. Do every step before, he can have the awareness of how to have a good future. After carefully planning, hardly can he missed his dream.

Last but not least, wanting to have a good future, plan when he is young is essential. When he is young, he has time to practice. He can achieve little by little. Even if he missed one step, he can have time and chance to compensate such failure, and continue his way to success. When one is young, he can have time to fail, to earn more experience. Such failure and experience are the treasure in his future. 

In all, my point is: I am standing on the side of agree with the statement: The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young.
