The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young. Isn’t it what every parent and grandparent tells their children? I think many young people hear that every day. They even hear it so often that the statement keeps chiming in their little heads every single instance of their lives. And, of course, brainwashed and “well prepared” for the future and the uncertainty that it usually bring with it, they bravely plunge into their new lives. But is it that good to always plan? Is it that great to junk your life with timetables, deadlines, spreadsheets and other similar “aids.” I am afraid I will have to disagree.

The idea of planning – truth be said, any type of planning – gets me thrilled. In my opinion, planning kills the joy of creativity and spontaneity. Planning turns people into control freaks who are afraid to face the challenge of unpredictable, unplanned and unorganized, and, therefore, uncontrolled. 

I have a friend who is one of those people. When we first met, I though he was an interesting guy. Indeed, he is very intellectual and well brought-up. However, he, as many other people, was a victim of the plan-your-future-now philosophy. After a while, I found it boring to hang out with him. He was smart and in a pre-planned conversation about, say, U.S. policy in the Middle East, no one could beat him. However, when something spontaneous poped up, he couldn’t find what to contribute to the conversation.

On a different note, when his girlfriend unexpectedly ditched him, he was shocked to the extent that I had to have a psychotherapy session with him. All he was muttering was “I didn’t expect it…. I didn’t expect it…” Yes, it was not planned, so what? People who overemphasize the necessity of planning often find themselves lost in situations that arise unexpectedly and require immediate reaction.

Also, such people lose their charm and are utterly boring because they become predictable. A follow-up conversation with his ex-girlfriend revealed that there was no more “chemistry” in between them and she became exhausted by the relationship where everything was pre-planned.

All in all, it might be true that some planning is necessary, but my overall understanding of planning for the future as a kind of philosophical standpoint is harmful.