The statement is completely and utterly true. There is no better substitute than good planning and failing to plan is planning to fail. 

It is difficult for us as youths to muster the will required to look ahead and try to see what lies there. Often the extent of our planning is what we’re having for dinner tonight, or what sport to play during the upcoming weekend.

There are many ways we could think of to ensure a good future for us, but none better than planning ahead. Planning ahead could easily help us achieve most of what we should be trying to achieve anyway such as saving money and using time to its fullest. Planning gives one a so-called “eye” into the future, and while the future may be far from what is envisioned, a plan can help eliminate otherwise inevitable snafus.

There are those who believe in “living for the moment”, those who “dwell only in the present” and believe planning takes the fun out of life. It depends, really. If you’re one to lay out an elaborate plan only to later ignore it completely and “choose spontaneity”, you probably should be making better, more relevant plans or thinking of more productive ways to spend your time.

Experience brings with it wisdom, and my experience tells me that had I planned better ahead of time, I would have been able to save my family thousands of dollars and 4 months worth of time. I did not take the time to peruse the many catalogues from  the many colleges and universities in Malaysia and as a result, ended up going to a college that did not have as many subjects that were transferable to my current university. By the time I discovered what happened, it was too late. I had arrived at my university.

The ordeal of dealing with course coordinators and advisors who only had bad news for me (my subjects weren’t going to be applied towards my degree) only made me stronger and realize how much planning matters after all.

We all make mistakes, but what most of us don’t realize is that by planning well, our mistakes will cost less and have a less painful impact on our lives. Planning well while one is still young is the biggest favor one can do for oneself.
