There is an old adage, which translated into English goes like this : “write meticulously of your path in the days of your youth, and when one day your eyesight fails you will know you have made it down the road safely, instead of trampling around in the wilderness, lost beyond saving.” In many ways, planning ahead of time is important, and it does not just apply for one’s future. It comes in handy in one’s daily life, be it at school, home or work. As such, I fully agree with the statement “the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully when you are still young”.

More then once have I recalled my parents, relatives and my friend’s parents asking me this simple question: “What do you want to be when you grow up?” If the truth is told, at that young age one’s perception of what the future holds tends to differ vastly from the eventual outcome. But the fact of the matter is that one’s future does indeed lie in the paths that he/she chooses when they are young. For example, it is often said that habits are cultivated and not learnt. If at a young age one does not learn about discipline and refuses to obey instruction, it is more likely that upon growing up he/she will find that these habits that they brought themselves up with tailing them like their shadow. And these bad habits are the same things that result in poor planning and often result in a lapse of judgment in the future. This is not dissimilar to planning for the future; in fact, it is directly linked to one’s future. 

Secondly, one’s future is a complex matter. It is not something that can be thought out in a matter of hours or even days; it is the amalgamation of ideas and desires over a period of time. For example, I grew up with the thought of in the future becoming a computer scientist. Over the years, I began to shape my future by learning more about computers and its inner workings. Along that journey, I discovered that I also possessed tremendous interest in business. With that and computer science, I merged my interests and today am in a major that combines the best of both worlds, allowing me to do something that I truly like and lets me showcase my talents efficiently. If I had never thought about my future and what I would want to be, by the time I would be entering university, I would not really know what I would want to do in my life. While many people go through life not knowing what, where, when and why they do things and still are successful, the fact off the matter is that where they are came though a period of time where they had to really sit down and think about what they really wanted for their future, and may still not be sure about it. Today, where I am is a result of years of thinking, planning and decision-making. 

In conclusion, I believe that the key to a good future is through proper planning when one is young. This is because one’s true desires are often embedded deeply in them and are not simply retrievable in a short amount of time. Much thought must be given to ensure that one’s future is stable and not like the rocky waves, where each motion is uncertain.
