The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young.

Yes, I do.

I will describe several reasons as follows:

First, younger persons are more flexible than older persons. 
It is much easier for them to adapt to new environment and new culture. Younger persons have little concern about what they should care about, so that they could focus on what they really want to do.  In contrast to younger persons, older persons have to consider both themselves and others. For example, if a man receives a new job that will require him to move to another state, he has to discuss this issue with his wife. If his wife has difference opinion, he has to give up this chance. If he refused this new job, somehow, he will lose a good opportunity for his future. Imaging the same case happens on a younger man, what he could do? In most cases, he will choose what is the best for himself without too much concern to others. So younger persons have more freedom than that of older persons and they can meet and grasp more opportunities than older persons.

Second, younger persons are more energized than older persons, so that they can try different things following their minds. For instance,  if a student from Computer Science department would like to apply an software engineering job at Microsoft, he could learn all kinds of programming languages and computing theory in short time. However, it is hard to ask a older person to master so much knowledge in short time. At this point, you might argue that the old person might have known those knowledge and do not have to learn it again. However, the real point I want to convey here is that younger persons can put much more energy on some tasks than that of older persons. 

As can been seen, younger persons have lot of advantage than that of older persons. So it is right time to prepare your future when you are young. Younger persons have unlimited potential and energy to help to achieve your goal.

As a famous scientist said, if you cannot achieve some goad in science before 25, you might not do it in future.
