Future, is an important thing for everybody. What you going to do,  how your life is going to be, are decided by now. Just like some parents send their children to well-famed kindergarden when they are young. Push them hard in their studies and homework just to hope their children will have a chance earn a  lot of money when they grow up. Therefore, I do agree that the best way to ensure a good future for myself is to plan carefully while I am still young. 

There are few advantages if we can plan our future earlier. The first one is we can predict how is our life going to be in future. We can make it to become a desired or undesired life, we can decide ourselves.  We do meet a lot of cross-section in our life. For example when we graduate, we need to decide whether continue to attend to the college or throw ourselves into the society. When we choose to enter a college, we may become a professional; or either we may become a person with full experienced with the society compared to those people who attends to the college at the same age. 

The second advantages of planning our live earlier may make our life wonderful. People nowadays do not like to have an earlier marriage than those elder people. This is due to current economy does not allow people to own a child in their early age, for example before 25 years old. Parents need to sponser the child’s education fees, living cost and etc. in order to let them to have a good living environment and good education. Therefore, a proper planning is necessary. With a proper planning, parents are able to give all the best they can give to their children instead of letting their children to starve. Additionally, education in 90’s is more important than 70’s and 80’s. Almost everybody is going to college. In order to adapt to his phenomenon, parents will have a hard time if they did not plan their life properly in their early life.

The same principal also apply to the stock market as well. The third reason that to own a good future is to plan when we are still young is relevant to the stock market. To invest in a stock market, investors need to think properly before throwing their money in the field. They are doing research, getting information from the broker and by observing the trend of the market before they move their step---investing. A well-planned young investor may earn a lot when they are investing earlier; however, if a investor do not planned well before investing, he might ruin the rest of his life. 

Based on the reasons that I have mentioned above, I would like to conclude that, it is important to have a well-planned life when we are young in order to have a good future. Again, this is because with a plan, we may foreseeing what is going to happen and think about what we do if there is any undesired incident comes up.
