In a society, which develops day by day, I think that planning the future is really important. If you do not think to do anything for your future you cannot survive later and you will not be able to find a good job to assure you a normal living. By time, the competition of finding jobs is really high and only the very well trained people can succeed. For example, if you do not have any high education and you find a job to a company or to a government institution you may have the surprise later to be hired if you cannot bring any benefit to your work and others will come for an interview after they graduate from university and be accepted in your place. In addition, if they will still need you and will like to keep you to your work you will never have so many chances to be promoted on a higher position like someone who has higher education than you. So, you will be all the time on a waiting list. 

However, it may happen that even people with education that they do not like what they are doing might have the same problems with their future like the ones that did not plan anything for their life and left everything randomly. I think that, in order to have a good future, you should combine your education with doing what you like in order to reach the higher level. And all of these come from planning your future, not just waiting for destiny to give you. As an example, I know my cousin and also some friends that did not think about a future when they should, and they did not know what to do. They didn’t know exactly even what job they like to look for, telling me that everything you find is better than nothing. In my opinion, yes, I do agree with them at this point, but it is better than nothing up to one point. You can work anything for a while, but in the main time you should think to plan about what you want to do and what you like to do, considering also that life is too short to do everything randomly and to do what you do not like and don’t feel comfortable. In this way, you will never be yourself. Just be yourself and try many things to choose from later. Being a student you may get some advices about what it is good for you: from your professors, from your relatives, parents or friends. But nothing can compare with what you really feel about life.

