I agree that the best way to ensure a good future is to plan while yong. And I  have to say:  the younger , the better!

One of the advantages to start young is that you can better prepare for your future career if you begin very early. Most of the careers today are very competitive and need a lot of skills and knowledge. To achieve the quality a career asks, you have to do a lot of preparations. You have to study systematically all the basic knowledge everyone need; you have to  get certain certifications for certain jobs; and you have to get related experiences as intern or some other trainings before you can get a real job. All of these work need time. It will take 16 to 20 years to get a basic education. Then after that, most people still have to take an extra 1to 3 years for further training. If you are working in a  scientific field, this process will even last for 5 to 10 years.  Thinking of how many years you should take before you can be prepared, you really should start very early before you get ready for a career.

Another thing you have to consider about is that the earlier you start, the more and better chance you can get. I have two friends both in computer science major. One decided to begin preparing for her career from the first day she enter her university, so she studies very hard and got good scores for almost all of her courses. In the first summer holiday, she got an internship from a computer company and learned how to use her knowledge from textbooks practically and in the third summer holiday, she took part in a contest hold by IBM and got a chance to work for a project for IBM as a reward. She also found many other part-time work opportunities. When she began to look for a job, she already had a much more fancy resume than her compitioners. She got several good offers from top computer companies before she graduated. Another friend, a classmate of this girl, is a planless boy. His college life was filled with games, love affairs, bars and bad scores. He hadn’t even thought about career before he graduated. So the result is now he just got a bottom position for a very little company with low salary and little hope for a bright future. Just compare with these two people, you can know how important it is to plan before hand.

These are the reasons for my point of view. In a word, the earlier, the better!
