I think this statement is partly true, and the key is how you define a good future. When we say a good future, different people have different understanding of  this concept. Basically, there are two different attitudes toward this. Some people would say a good future means a life that everyone would envy, like a very rich and powerful life. On the other hand, some people think a good future means a life in which they feel fulfilled and happy. For the former type of people, planning carefully is more important for them to get what they want. However, for the latter type, planning carefully is somewhat useful but not necessary.

In my opinion, life can not be scheduled, and this is the unique fun of life. Thus, although I agree that careful planning is a good habit, I do not think that future can be planned. And even in some cases we can, we lose the fun of life in that way. I think setting up a very concret  standard of good future when still very young is meaningless. Things change, and life changes. Therefore, you can never predict exactly what is going to happen in the future. Also, our opinions will change over time, maybe the “good future” when we are very young will become not an exciting one when we grow up. And in this case, sticking to the earlier plan loses its meaning. For example, if a high school girl believed what her parents said to her, and she believed marring a rich man will be a good future for her. However, when she grow up, she found out that what she really wants is love and an independent life. And if she stuck to a plan she made for achieving the goal when she was young, she probably could never get what she really wants.

To sum up, I think before we make a plan for the future, we need to think twice about what a good future is. And the answer to this question can only be got correctly by experiencing more in life. Once and only when we know what we really want in life, a plan becomes more meaningful. However, one thing we should remember is that life is neither predictable nor able to be scheduled. I think the smartest people will live in every “today”, not a day of preparation for “a good future”. 
