There are always some different opinions between people arguing that whether a young child should plan his future life carefully at his age. I also argued that with my patents for being not willing to decide my future career so early, when I was in high middle school. At that time, I had many reasons. But now, I think both sides have their advantages.

The reason for not deciding your future way is obvious. A child do not know what he would be interested a month later, not to say many years later. Determining his career for me is not fair for him. With the growing of this age, he will find what is his true love, what will be worth for him to take his whole life in. I believe that even a genius like Albert Einstein, did not show his strong interests in theoretic physics. And if he was chosen by his parents to be a politician, though we can not say he will bound to be unsuccessful or unhappy, we will lose this greatest scientist. 

But, as getting more and more experiences in my own life, especially after taking some activities in the society, I have to admit that my parents opinion in systemly organizing a child’s future from his young age is right to some extent. Life is so competitive, and we need to prepare ourselves in many aspects for our career. Child is child; they do not know the tough competition waiting for them. Many of them will take all their time in playing. I am not saying that is not good. But after some years, when they grow up, some of them may complain their parents for not teaching them anything useful in childhood because of they do not have time to study more abilities to face their life. 

So, there is a controversy. We can not plan our children for the unknown future and we can actually hardly to know what is guaranteed good for them. But the responsibility told us that preparing well is essential for the children’s life. So maybe the solution is that we have to develop children's interests, and teach them what they will need. But not force, let them develop the individual thought as soon as possible. And focus on their education, most abilities needed can be studied in the school.