I cannot say that I agree or disagree with the fact that "the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young", becuse it is good to plan things before they happen but on the other hand you cannot plan everything.

Some of the arguments that can be said regarding that it is good planning while you are young are the following. Firstly, if you plan for the future, you start building your own goal, your own objectives, and keeping them in mind while you are growing up, is much more better and easier to accomplish them. For example, it is better to think during your youth about what you want to do for a living when you be middle-age, becouse you cannot just let things go on and let someone else deciding for you. You have to plan about what you want to acheive.

Also, if you experience some kind of trouble "down the road", it will be much more easier for you to know what to do to solve this problem if you have a plan, becouse you will know which direction you should take. It is harder to figure out what to do when you are facing an inconvinient, if you don't even know what you want to do for your own future. 

Finally, if you know what you want for your own life, you can start specializing in one subject, which I consieder better than knowing a little bit about everything. For example, you may decide which career you want to pursue when you are young, and then specializing in this subject.

But, on the other hand, there are arguments on the contrary. You cannot plan everything, you must leave some things "opened", you must leave some "degrees of freedom". Things may happen that you were not able to predict, so a plan in this case could be useless, becouse the solution to this kind of situation will depend on some information you would have in the future.

Then, you do not have to plan only when you be young, you must also plan when you be middle-age and old-age, becouse there will be things that you would have to solve at that moments.

Then, there are things that you just cannot plan, for example, who will you marry to, how many children you will have, how long will you be able to count with your parents to help and support you, becouse unexpected events may happen that will make your plan absolutely useless.
