By and large, I agree with the aforementioned statement. There are various aspects of planning that one needs to consider: economic, health-related, career / job satisfaction and familial to name a few. Each of these aspects can be optimized if one gives due consideration to each of them while he or she is still young.

Most of the abilites, habits and skills that a person uses to his advantage are generally imbibed early in life. I therefore believe that one of the earliest planning in an individual's life is done by his/her parents or guardians. For most people this environmental programming at a young age becomes the blueprint for a lifetime of attitudes and choices. 

The need to choose an appropriate and fulfilling career while one is still young can not be over-emphasized. A 20-year old fresh-out-of-college youth who realizes that his "calling" in life is to help people by catering to their medical needs is much more likely to see that dream come to fruition, than his 45-year old banker counterpart who has already made a dead-end choice.  

Early planning is also a huge advantage when it come to saving up for a comfortable (and early!) retirement. It is a well-known fact that people who start contributing to 401(K), IRA and other retirement plans while they are still in their 20's almost invariably end up with a very tidy sum by the time they hit retirement age. It has become even more important to start early and invest wisely in these days of tremendous future uncertainty.

The human body also responds nicely to careful planning in youth. It is  customary to over-indulge and subject one's health to extreme stress when young adults get a first taste of independence, usually when they reach college-age.  It is advisable, however, to set and adhere to some self-imposed limits, whether it be regards to binge drinking or reckless behavior. The sad state of young paraplegics and other accident victims is a reminder about the devastating effects of a lack of balance.

In conclusion, I would like to say that although that I'm a firm believer in planning, I am an equally strong believer in the human spirit and it's innate potential to rise above any external or self-imposed limitations. No matter how erratic a man's life, he is never lost forever; he has but to make up his mind, and things will immediately start taking a turn for the better.