Future is very unstable when we want to make sure about it. As people said that we can't predict our future. Should we just wait until something happened naturally or make a plan when we are quite young? I think that this question need to be thought carefully.

We all know that we can't predict what will happen in the future, so I think it's very important to plan earlier. We all want to have good life, but good life won't just come by nothing. Everything takes time to fulfill and good future follows the same way. That's why I think I agree that people should plan carefully while they are still young in order to have good future. Below are several reasons to support my idea. First of all, if we prepare earlier, then there would more chances for us to succeed. Sometimes we will say that we need to wait for chances to come, but the question is when chances come, you don't even ready to do anything. So naturally  those people who prepare earlier won. Second reason, good life won't come in one night. Only if we prepare early, then we will reach our goal step by step. People always think that there's nothing I can't do, if I decide to do it. We cound't say this is wrong, but the percentage to be success will be lower if people start to plan their future later. Third reason, when people are young, they can learn things more and faster than other people elder. Younger people will have more resources to explore. Those will help them to reach their goal. If we decide to do thing in early age, then we can learn more knowledge about that area and we will learn faster if we learn those when we are forty. 

My mother is a very good example for this topic. When she was little, she didn't care what will happen in her life and she didn't even care about it. That' why she didn't pay attention on her study. Later on, she became a nurse, but she have to pass different kinds of certificate and tests. At that time, she had to take care of her children and did her work at the same time. She said that she had to pay double effort on that. She could have to reach her goal in more leisure way but she didn't cherish that. I think that would be the perfect example for people who didn't plan their future in younger age to notice.  
