From my personal experience, I agree with the statement that by making careful plan at our youth can ensure a good future. 

When I was studying in high school, the teacher told us that this will be a turning point in our life. Since to enter a top-ranked university will to a large degree, ensure my later success. Due to the large population in China, this is also a goal hard to achieve. I didn't try my best at that time, for I don't fully understand the meaning of my teacher. Later on, I entered a 3rd-tier college, and although I made great achievements there, I didn't find a great job later.

After working for 3 years in a international company, I took the entrance exam to graduate university, and entered the top university in China. I was really happy at that time. However, one thing I regret is: I didn't tailor my academic life to the way that suit my future goal. My goal is to get the Ph.D. degree in a top U.S university and become a good professor later. However, I didn't know how to reach that goal actually. Later on, I learnt that the Economics dept. in top US universities pay special attention to the amount of mathematics you are exposed to, and the repute of the recomendator is also very important.  If I knew this information earlier and I would have arranged my graduate life in a wiser way, instead of just immerse myself in the happiness of entering a top school.

Of course, sufficient information is very important to make sure that you are making the right plan. I live in a quite different time from my parents, the society of China has changed a lot, and I have better opportunity to pursue what I really like.  The issue is : my parents don't have similar experience as me, so they cannot provide me with the information I need when I am going to make a life choice. Also there is almost few people in charge of giving students or young person specific advice as to how to choose a life suitable to them. Therefore, my life is like groping ahead sometimes, as I go further ahead, I realize my mistakes and draw some valuable lesson from it. Sometimes I think if somebody who has undergone similar processes has given me advice in making the decisions, I may live a more successful life now. 

To sum it up, I think planning ahead is important to a successful life. If we realize what our interest is in an earlier stage, and can make a knowledgeable decision under others' guidance, we can save much unnecessary efforts and maximize our chance of success or of living a happy life.  
