"fail to plan, plan to fail". This statement truly reflects the importance of planning and the enormous effect of not doing it, which is fail. Planning is one of the most important factor that leads to a successful person and also the capability of the person. Personally, i would recomend plannings to be done as young as possible in one's life.

Life consists of thousands of paths that everybody have to walk through, just that it's different as it splits at a certain time. Walking on a path represents the activities that one's currently on, and splitting path basicly represents the choice you have to make before entering a new path. When you see this from whole,it appears to be a shape of a big tree branch that contains millions of branches. Everyone will start with the same trunk at the beginning, which means everybody are equal in the sense of knowledge and the amount of activities are involved. Slowly, everybody tend to split up into different paths, ranging further and further. The point is, most humans walk on a path without any plannings. When it reaches the critical point, which is the splitting point where one have to make a decision of which way to go, people tend to make decisions without hesitations and continue with their journey to their next critical point.However, the seriousness of this mistake can only be realised after several or more split points have been made where turning back to the point where one feels like switching the path may be very hard. 

Hence making the right decision is a very important daily routine we have to go through. A good plan will ensures and confirms the decision made is right. Planning is definitely encourage when one is still young. the young times are often short and it passes through very fast. The lack of planning therefore results in the lack of knowledge gained while young and also the capability of one have.

One feels helpless of what they are now and what they are capable of where they regret of the time the wasted in the past. This regret can only be avoided through good plannings as early as possible. Afterall, planning takes just minutes and some good point of view towards the plan. With that, one gets an ensuring future. Isn't that worth a whole lot.
