I strongly agree that a careful planning is probably one of the best way to ensure a good future. First, by planning in advance one can get enough time to achieve the goals or, if necessary, make appropriate changes in a plan in order to succeed. Second, a careful planning helps a person be more organized and follow the procedures outlined in a plan. Finally, by planning when young and motivated, a person has potentially more chances to ensure a good future. 

A plan is a strategic way to achieve a goal. Although it is not required for every situation, a careful planning can help a person be a success in his or her career goals and ensure a good future. Having a detailed plan, it is easier to be prepared for unexpected changes. For example, if a person wants to become a professional lawyer, he or she might have a plan to graduate from a law school first. However, in case of unexpected circumstances (for example, lack of financial support), a person can start working in order to earn some money to pay for education. Thus, if unexpected circumstances are included in a plan, it is always easier for a person to make appopriate changes in his or her life.

A carefully designed plan also helps people be more organized in what they do. They know what exactly they need to do and in what order. For example, to become a manager in a prestigious company, a person must receive a good education, then work in order to gain some experience, usually starting with less prestigious and low-paid jobs. Therefore, it is impossible to apply for a position of a top manager without first getting education and having some previous job experience. 

Finally, young people have more chances to ensure a good future if they plan in advance. On the one hand, they usually have more motivation to achieve success in their life. On the other hand, young people are in a more advantageous position because they have more potential and life time to realize their goals. Although they might lack life experience, they can be more aptitude and energetic. Overall, a carefull planning is a good way for young people to ensure they will achieve what they aspire to.
