There is an old saying in Chinese, "When you are three years old, you already can know what will you be when you are eighty years old." So, I always agree that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young.

First of all, why? This is because is earsier to teach you the right way when you are young, rather than telling you what is bad when you are a grown up. When we are young, we do not know anything. All of our knowledge is given by our parents and teachers in school. We learned about how to be polite and manners when we are in kindergarden. Then, after we reached high school, then only we are given the proper studies. If we do it reversely, I am very sure that none of us will listen to our teacher talking about manners in our high school time. This is because during that time we already have our own thinking. So, if we plan to be a well-mannered and knowledgeable person, we have to learn well when we are in our young age.

Second, we still have the time to make our choices when we are young. A grown up person will not have the time to go back to high school to study all over again. When we are in high school, we already have to prepare ourself for a good future. During that time, we should be able to find out our own field of interests and what we are good at. Those who are good in physics and mathematics can try to enter the field of engineerng, those good in drawing can go into arts, and etc. After decided, then we go to college, or university and study what we like, and come out into the society to work in that particular field. Will we be able to say, "Oh, I made a mistake", and go back to high school to study again, and choose what you like again? No way. So, good planning when young is important.

Last but not least, when we are young, we should plan for our future and discuss it with our parents or teachers if we have doubt in it. Our future is ours and no one can help us unless we help ourself. Thus, good planning when we are young is very important. Otherwise, we will be regret when we reach the age when we have no turning back.
