"The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young." It's completely true. Your future will be much better when you have preparation for it. I'm a freshmen in college so maybe I don't have much experience as other adult people and I still have a long long way to go in my live. But till now, I absolutely satisfy with what I got and I know that if I didn't prepare I can never get goals. My mother is a teacher so she has good methods to teach me, her son, and so far her methods helped me a lot in my life. When I was a five, my mum saw me played with the ants for hours. From this time, she knew that I have patient and it's a good characteristic of a scientist. For that reason, she tried to gave me many games that related to math. She tried to explained to many thing around me, and slowly, she gave me the love of natural science.

When I was eleven years old, my father brought home a computer and it changed my life completely. I loved computer and loved to play around with this. My mother, of course, realized that. She again tried to increase my love with the computer. She bought a lot of books about computer and one of my favorite books this time was " Windows in the nutshell". A little bit older, I was sent some classes  about computer programming and it was a lot of fun to me. That's so exciting when you created something by yourself and it can help you somehow in your life. My first program was a calculator written in pascal, my first programming language also. Time goes and when I went to high school. Again, my mum gave me advice about choosing school and I chose Hanoi_Amsterdam, informatics class. One more time, my mum preparations in the past helped me a lot. In my informatics class, I was one of the best students because I learned stuffs before. My beautiful grades gave me a lot of chances to  have scholarships in high school and it also made my profile more beautiful. 

After graduated, I decided to go to the US and study Computer Science. And so far, my choice, also my mother's choice is right. I don't think I could be me today without preparations since I was a child. 