I strongly disagree that the best way to ensure a good futrure for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young. Life is filled with ups and downs which makes life unpredictable and thrilling at the same time by allowing room to overcome life's challenges.

A good future does not mean you have to plan since young as you can not do so. Life was not created to be that way. Most of the successful people in this world did not expect to lead a life like the way they are leading now when they were young. All they knew was that they have to do their best in everything. By just passing exams and scoring good grades in school does not ensure you a good future. There are many more skills that is required in order to be successful in life. People learn from mistakes and when they fall that is where they learn to pick themselves up and thus rise up to be more successful. Life is not a mechanism where you can plan everything when your young and turn out to be what you will be as you have planned.

Besides that, life is like a puzzle where you need to put them in place a step at a time. Even if you rigidly plan for your future since young, it is not going to work and your future will be so dull. Life will be more thrilling if there is room to overcome life's challenges. Furthermore, a lot of kids who have their future planned so carefully since young face depression as they were under so much pressure to follow what they've plan and not allowing room for correction and challenges to shape them to be a better person.  By having a future planned since young will contribute to a very serious mental problem amongst the kids. Statistics also showed that kids with their future planned since young has more chances of them commiting suicide.

In conclusion, the best wat to ensure a good future for yourself is not to plan carefully while you are still young. With this life we have on earth which is unpredicable and at the same time experience the thrill life has to offer when overcoming life's challenges. Carefull planning since young will in fact ruin a person's future due to depression caused by the rigidity that has to be complied.
