What are we going to do in the future? That might be the question that students consider a lot at their young age. Teachers might began to ask young children this question while they are in elementary school. Students can always have answers in our mind. But how much detailed plans are in our mind when we answered these questions. This rises the controvercial problem that is it necessary to get a detailed plan when we are still young? 

A detailed plan can help us to get to the goal easier. When people has a concrete goal in their mind, they tend to have more motivations. If the future is just a abstract good wish,  it is hard for people to get move on it. For example, if a person had a specific plan on the weekend, they probably will write down the things that they are going to do, and finish them one by one. However, if the person do not have any specific plan, they probably will sleep for the whole weekend, and it is such a waste of time. It is the same in the life. A carefully plan can help people really think about how they are going to achieve their goals, and really go to do it step by step. 

Besides the detailed plan, the young age of the children is another beneficial aspect for their future. When children are young, they are full of curiosity and energy. They can be attracted to many things. And it is good for them to decided their future, because they still have a long way to go in their life. They have enough time to get prepared for what they are going to do in their future. They can learn more about the things that are related to their career.

It is ture that children might change their mind of what they are going to do in their lives. Some people might think that it might be unnecessary for them to plan so carefully while they are still young, because they never know the changes that will occur in their lives. However set a clear goal for their life can help them work hard on their future and will let children make good use of their time. So, my opinion is that children should be encouraged to plan carefully about their future while they are still young.
