It is true that if you want to ensure a good future for yourself , you had better make a suitable plan for yourself while you are still young. 

So called young people is because they do not form their own world, value, and life views, which can even make them confused when they begin to do everything. They will do not have any aims and targets to complete. In that case, to make a carefully plan is really helpful for each person when they are young to achieve their goals and direct the direction. It will not be a good future if you do not plan it. Young people easily do something refer to their own will and just do it. Usually, they only want to complete the eye-down goal but lost in the second goal. Hence, it is so important that they make a carefully plan, either by themselves or by their supervisors, to direct a correct way for their future. 

However, young people do not need to complete their goals rigidly. Sometimes, one should change some original plans when they meet some good opportunities, which even make much more effect on young people. Although the plans has been changed, that can not stand for not doing a carefully plan. Usually, opportunities always come to some well prepared people. Therefore, as long as you do a careful plan, you can meet more good opportunities so that you ensure a good future. Maybe it will more helpful that you make plans again and again, and then check and correct them during your experience, which is even more useful than you just make a careful plan once. A good way to make your future better is to keep going on checking and correcting your plans when you meet some difficulties and opportunities. 

Therefore, a careful plan is needed for every young person, no matter it is a long period or a short. Your whole life should go on which concern about your careful plans. Although sometimes the plan you refer to is not obvious, you still need to make every plan carefully, which is because only the careful plans can ensure a good future, especially for young people. 
