Most parents told their children that make a good plan for their future is very important when they are young.  I also agree with it because I understand that a plan is very important for ourselvers.  My reason as follows;

First, If we make a plan for our future when we are young, we can follow this plan and do not need to spend time on some wrong ways.  the plan likes a guild line.  you will not feel confuse.  Most people have a time when they confuse about themselves and do not know what should they do and how to do.  If they make a plan, they do not feel difficult when they make some problems.  They will think whether it is useful for their life, and all of the results can find in that plan.  most of successful people have their plan when they are young.  And most scientists also make some plan when they are young.  The biography of them told us that many scientists make some plans for their future and they success in future.

Second, If we make a plan for the future, it can encourage us to do and we will not give up it.  Everyone has the time when they do not want to do anything.  The plan can guild you and give you the power to do.  you will have a goal and it can help you when you are in a hard time.  the goal can give the power to you.  If you make a plan for you goal, the hard time will less and the power will stronger.  Althouth sometimes we still do not follows the plan, we can get some advise and adjust it to suit the desion which we make.  It is much better than the one who do not have a plan and always do some unuseful things for their career.  so many examples told us that someone run a wrong way and do a lot of unuseful things, because they do not have a goal and a clear plan for it. finally, they failed.

In addition, a plan can improve our idea.  Sometimes we just can think one side of things, but if we make a plan, we can absorb some good suggestion into our plan.  that can make us do less thing but get more worth.  we can study many good methods and adapt our plan. Although it maybe not the best, it is much useful than we have nothing.

Although we also can live a happy life without plan and we can develop our character, it is less worth than we make a plan.  So I agree with that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young.  When we are older, we do not have time and energy to catch our dream and control our life and future.
