Throughtout history, people have attempted to provide ways in which the future could be predicted.  Needless to say, this has not been accomplished.  Futuristic views point to the development of some sort of devices that would help predict events, and that could assist in the prediction of a person's future.  One may or may not agree with these views, but one thing is certain: for the time being, it is better to plan for one's future, since the "magic crystal ball" that will predict the future has not been invented.

Careful planning for any activity has demonstrated to yield positive results.  Therefore, it is imperative to take particular care when planning to one's future, especially if the plan includes high expectations regarding economic stability, and well-being as a whole.

In terms of financial stability, a promising future it is not always determine by the choosing of a particular career.  Although current trends indicate that the most optimistic careers in terms of economic achievements are those in business, medicine, and law, in my opinion, financial stability is not always measure bY everyone under the same standards.  For some people, financial stability may mean wealth, but for some others it may just be an indication for people to be able to live comfortably -humbly this is.  

The main point when planning for the future is to determine goals, and to identify strategies to reach those goals. Being clear about one's own expectations may help determine success in achiving goals.  Having specific target could also help one lead in one direction and focus on that.  Not being clear about a specific destination may turn into a loss of focus, interest, and perhaps failure.

When should one start planning for the future? As in everyday events, the ealier we start, the more time we would have to think about different ways to achieve a goal.  This, in turn, may also allow for careful scrutinity and balance about different solutions for the accomplishing of goals. Having to plan for the future, may not be something that is evident to a young person, but as it becomes evident, it is a good idea to pursue that interest.
