How to plan your future, which steps should the person take to get what he want, how far should should you plan are the questions which is of a great interest for people, usually parents. Usually, since you are child, your parents start plan and tell you that first at the age of 7 you go to school , then at 17 to the university to get your bachelor , then at 22 to graduate school for master and Ph D degree, by 27 you start your job, then buy car house, family, children.

I, resonally, do not totally agree with the statement above. And there are several reasons for it , based on my life experience and  the experience of my friends. One reson is that life not stable and very changable and the second one is that when you are young you are not fully aware of your abilities and strengths.

Our life, especially nowadays, is extremely dynamic and random system and is not like workflow at your job place, where everything is pretty much planned and has instructions for it. In to complex world, human beings are forced to create rules and make plans in order to deal with complexity. Human always seach for the best ways or so-called ' best practices' to follow to gain what these best ways already gave to other people. The path described above is the most stable paths we found so far. But this is can not work for everyone. There are alot of other ways and opportunities to be succeccful and gain you goal. Some of my friends, of which I first thought to be crazy, didn't go to the graduate school, but after getting bachelor went to work and even founded there own businesses.  Now, I admit, they have more skills then me and work where they like, they tried different jobs to find what they like.

Second , is that you don't know who you  want to be. For example, even now, when I came tho US to do my master degree, first I thought, that I want to deal with Artificial Intelligence field, but after working some time with other professor in bioinformatics, I realized that this is what I want to do.

In conclusion, I want to say that there are no one best way