Some people are fortunate enough to know what they what they want to do with their lives at a very young age. I have a friend who has been obsessed with planes since she was five, and she recently joined Boeing as an aeuronautical engineer, while also attending graduate school and taking flying lessons. 

I've always envied her because she has always known what she wanted to do with her life. I, on the other hand, have gone back and forth on what I want as career, with none of the certainty that she has had. In high school I wanted to work in International Relations. In college I ended up majoring in Biology, and I worked in biomedical research for over two years. In graduate school I am obtaining a degree in Book Publishing. And I've often considered other careers, including journalism, archeology, and medicine. I have driven my parents crazy with my fickle behavior. But I have to admit that not having a plan has led to more adventure in my life, which has its advantages and disadvantages. I might be starting a new career at the age of twenty five, but I have no regrets about the detours I have taken along the way. If I had not been a biologist, I might never have met my husband. If I had stuck with International Relations I might never have moved to Oregon and fallen in love with Portland. 

In high school, typically the stage at which most people decide what direction they want with their lives, I had many interests but no firm idea or plan. In India, where I grew up, the academic decisions you make in the eleventh grade determine what you can study in college and graduate school, and therefore what you can do with your lives. I had many friends who chose safe options such as engineering or medicine, without even considering the alternatives. I do not know how many of them are happy with their decisions now. I went to college in the United States because I knew that here I would have more flexibility to study different things and make the most informed decision on what my plan would be.

Planning while young can work for someone with one passion. It is not possible for others and it most certainly does not have to be the only way to have a good future. Other factors, such as a good, rounded education, a strong moral foundation, a strong desire to be happy, a collection of close friends --- these make for a good future. Planning a career and one's financial success at too young an age may pigeonhole someone, eliminating all the options they may not even know about. If you have a strict plan, better opportunities might not even register on your radar. You may shut out things that could make you happy.

This is not to say that you should never think of the long-term. After all you must be aware of the kinds of things you want in your life: some things take time. If you know you want children, for instance, you might want to start saving in your twenties to be able to afford them in your thirties. Or if you have always wanted to live in Spain someday, learning Spanish might be a good idea. I knew that I wanted to go to college in the United States, so I made sure that I studied for the SATs and made room in my busy senior year schedule to send in applications. Planning for the future does not have to be very specific, but may just be some general goals you want to accomplish in your life. So I think the solution is to have a sense of your long-term goals, without straitjacketing yourself with an inflexible, rigid "Plan". If you are open to new adventures, you will ultimately have a fuller life, while also fulfilling financial and familial goals.
