If a good future means having a decent education, a secure job and a sound bank balance, one really has to plan carefully in advance to do that. The planning starts from the day a child is born. Parents are the major decision maker and planners during the early years of one's life. Where one goes to school during the high school years, whether one will receive extra help at school, tuitions, and after school activities are all decided, largely, by the parents. The social circle that one will be moving in, the subject areas that one will be studying, acceptable grades, studying habits are all routines and procedures that parents all over the world carefully scrutinize, enforce and control to a larger extent. 

There are multiple factors that decide the course of a man's life. The environment, the social/ cultural conditions in which one is raised and parents are largely held responsible for careful planning of early years. The course of an individual's early life largely measures their success in their adult life. 

The maisntream Western living emphasize possessions. In order for a person to be successful, they must own a car, and a house. A world class education and a decent job sometimes does not necessarily and automatically  fulfill the promise of a "good" future with all the possessions of material wealth. Careful planning of early years which entails to excellent credit ratings and history will make one eligibile for bank loans to own cars and houses. The best way to esnure that good future is then to plan carefully while one is still young. 

However, a good future means different things for different people. For someone a good future translates into having a financially secure, stable, loving spouse. If the spouse appears at one's doorstep when one was 21, no amount of careful planning was necessary to ensure that "good" future. One can plan for everything and yet be ready for chance occurings and happenings that can entirely change the course of one 's life. 

A tolearance of ambiguity and resilience in the face of distress are necessary skills for a good life. A young person must be able to take risks, be adventurous, ambitious and a good traveller. The mainstream Western philosophy is of playing safe when one is young and saving all the money for a good retirement. Even though I see the benefits of it, I disagree with saving everything for retirement and living your life to the fullest when you have crossed 60s. As a multitude of experiences makes one strong and enlightened.

However, I do not mean to say that one should be reckless in their youngrer years, destroy the good credit rating scores, not receive a good education or make a dent in their 401K. I advocate for a carefully planned and balanced life for happiness and success in the present and in the future. 
