We are never too old to plan for your future.  I believe that we can ahieve anything no matter how old we are.  Many young students are worried about their future too much, but it's not always right that you can ensure a good future though you plan early.

In my country, young children and students are forced to study hard to get into good universities.  Parents make their kids study very hard since these kinds are very young.  These parents believe that their kids will get good jobs and become rich if they study hard in early age.  Teachers in junior high schools also force their students to study hard and plan their future.  The problem is that most students still don't know what they want to do in the future.

I used to work at a cram school and taught students from elementary to high school level.  My students were very stressed with their parents and teachers because they were always forced to think about their future.  It's not usual that young kids have already found what they want to be in the future which is long time away.  If they have already found what they want to do, they have more time to achieve their goals.  I think that people consider a life plan very short.  THey believe that we cannot get better jobs when you get older, but they give up too early such as early 20's.

I'm 24 years old and have alreayd graduated from a university in my country, but I came to the United States to learn what I really want to.  I couldn't find what I really wanted to do when I was a student in my country, which means that I didn't plan my future very well.  I am a older students compared to those who study in my country, but I feel confident in achieving a good future.

It's very hard to plan our future so early such as age in high school.  Finding what we want to do in the future is the most difficult question to younger students, so we shouldn't force them to make a future plan so early.  We have to admit that not all people who planned early succeed.  There shouldn't be no rush to think about the future and career.

I believe that planning early doesn't always guide to a good future.  It's much more important that we must not give up our future.  No one is too old to find what he or she wants to do in the future.
