	
As a well-known Chinese saying goes, good luck is when sufficient preparation meets great opportunity. With no doubt, a careful plan is a fundamental part of the preparation. Having a plan for the future while you are very young can help you prepare your future earlier than others, and becoming an “early bird” means you will have more chance to gain success. 
	
First things first, a careful future plan will let you keep your final goal in your mind all the time. Having a goal can usually let you not waste time on others meaningless things, with a careful plan, you can move forward directly to your goal. For example, For example, if you keep in mind that I want to become a accountant in the future, you will consciously pay more attention to improve our mathematic skills from your elementary school or even kindergarten. Compared to others who have no idea about their future, you have ten more tears than others to prepare and it is obvious who is closer to their success in the future life.
	
In addition, a careful plan is also very helpful to motivate yourself, whenever you lose your confidence or you are in a bad mood. As is mentioned, imaging your achieveing your fianl goal, you can overcome these negative feeling and keep making efforts following your plan. I plan almost everthing in my life, daily, monthly or yearly, which let me think about more and prepare more effectively. Preparing myself for the graudte school right after entering university makes me feel much easier than my classmates who just started to research about it.
	
Last but not least, a careful plan is a good measurement for self-control and keep track on what you should do.  Human being’s nature is being lazy; however, if you have a careful plan for everyday and always commit yourself on it, doing what you are supposed to do every day, every week, every season and every year will become a routine in your life. Consequentially, with your careful plan, you can overcome the nature of being lazy and prepare yourself for your success in the future more sufficiently. 
                
In short, a careful plan for the future in in vital importance for acheving success. It helps you keep your goal in you mind, motivate you.

