I would like to say that I do not agree with the opinion which indicates that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young. Careful planning is a definitely good idea to move my life towards stability and safe. However, compared to this, I strongly believe that experience something new which has not planned forehand with a big idea of my lifestyle is a better idea to accomplish and build my own way to live my life. 

  The rationale behind this is that people should improve their eternal possibilities and enjoy adventure with a wide variety of experiences that have not planned yet. I have spent a considerable amount of time of my young period - eventhough I'm still young enough - with traveling around the world. And I strongly insist that experiences from those travel has changed my life from my personality to my career that I would like to be. Therefore, only planning carefully while you are still young means same as avoiding your tremendous possibilities from facing various and different experiences and people. 

  Furthermore, I do believe that being young doesn't mean everything in my life. What if I face something hard that I would never expect in my future plan? Or what if I have challenge to change my whole plan that I made in 20's of my life when I get older? That must be quite big confusion and challenge in my life. Planning my way to live could ensure my good future but I would like to give my opinion for another aspect of it, that is,  my life when I get older could be very boring and meaningless with same direction that I used to have when I was young. For example, I wanted to be teacher when I was in highschool as usual dream of most of teenagers in Korea. However, for now, I would like to be a professional financial marketer who can travel and work around the world. If I have insisted to keep my plan to assure only for stable and safe life, I would have been a typical loser who lives without any exciting experience and active lifestyle towards to achieve goals.

  I think that people have their own life style and own ways to plan their lives. But, I would like to say that people shouldn't give up their wants because of age or rigid plans that have set before. Life is short to give up every kind of possibilities and also long enought to carry out whatever you want and whenever you would like to do that!
