I remember going out to dinner with my mother, and she would have me practice my multiplication tables while we waited for the food to arrive.  Coming from a poor third world background, she sacrificed a lot to ensure her children would receive the educational opportunities she had been denied.  With this in mind, it is fair to note that since an early age, she instilled the importance of education as well as preparing for ones future and the future of your family.  While the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young, one must take into consideration other factors as well.

Being the first US born Latina in my family, there was a major clash in what a good future meant given my cultural background, and what a good future meant in the US.  I remember attending school and going back to Honduras during the summers, and remembering how at nine years old I could only go to the corner to play video games if one of my male cousins accompanied me.  That year I learned the definition of sexism.  

Growing up in the US, my mother was the only one that emphasized the importance of education.  The other strong female figures in my life that also raised me dismissed academic education and focused on educating me in how a "Latina Woman" should dress, how she should walk in heels, and how she should dance.  While the women in my family were loud and expressed their ideas, they did so while still being women.  They cleaned the house daily and wore heels to make dinner from scratch.  They prepared to me to find a man that would be attracted to me and permit me to climb the social ladder.  

However, there was always something about this perspective that disturbed me.  I didn't want to be a trophy wife.  I didn't want to get a college degree only to complement my husband's accomplishments.  I did not want to be a proper lady.  During this time, I finally met other hispanics in my high school.  They came from a completely different background and before I knew it I was hanging out with the cholos my mother sought to save me from in Honduras.  I rebelled and defied my mother and all my extended family.  I was a self made outcast and no longer welcome to associate myself with my younger family members.  I was too loud, too angry, and spoke up too much.  I had ruined myself and was viewed as garbage.

I moved out and explored the world on my terms for a few years.  After 9-11 when I found myself alone with no family, I returned home much more humble.  I attended school again, became involved in community service, applied for scholarships, and continued to pursue a 4-year degree.  I had shown maturity and while I do not accept many of my family's views, I have become more tolerant.  It has been difficult because I have wanted a future that is "good" in terms of both American and Latino culture.  Often, these have conflicting points of interest.

I do not believe I, nor my mother, could have prepared me to find what this "good" future would entail.  By defying my family, I have established myself as a woman that can not simply be told and manipulated yet at the cost of distancing myself considerably.  Often, it is a difficult balance to establish my individual identity which has so long been tied to my family.  This is one component of my future that I do not want to sever but in keeping with my mother's values, I too want to provide my future children with the best opportunities in life.  To me, this means having the support of an enormous family, and being able to carve your own road in accordance with your principles and values.
