i strongly agree that the best way to ensure a good future for myself is to plan carefully while i am still young. It is true that nobody knows what will be happened in the future because we have not experience it and we are not able to see it. That is why some people would not agree with this statement. However, i think differnetally. In my case, i would like to be a pharmacist in the future now. It is true that i have not being trained professionally yet. So, some people can throw a sharp question that how would i know that i ould be happy with my job in the future?even they planned for long time, since they did not experience directly, they do not know what it is like to be! that is why planning while we are young is not a necessary.

However, i believe when i think about my dream and my future, as long as i am happy it is right for me. I know l will be satisfied with my life if i be a pharamcist in the future. 

Lately i always regret that i did not train myself as future pharamcist in the past. If i knew i want to be a pharmacist in the future at least a year ago, i would not experinece the countless stress and pressure that i am getting now. Obviously that is because if i knew i want to be a pharmacist a year ago. i could take harder chemistry and biology classes seriously. Since i would not train me as future pharmacist in the past, right now i am having hard time to keep up with people who planned to be a pharmaicst in the future and have train themselves about a year already. i saw so many people who were not able to survive from countless stress and frustraing, they just gave up their dream and just changed their major. people who plan longer, people who train better always get advantage in everything.

Thus, the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young because that is the time that when you can think what you like, not how much money you can make. Also, you can train yourself head of time to be one real successful person in the field where you want to be in the future. In addition if you know what you want to be when you are young, while you are getting training to be one who is professional in the field where you want to be, you would get less stress, pressure and can enjoy more what you are studying. 
