I am one of these persons who like to know what they're doing, why they're doing it and how they intend to do it. 

In my eyes, planning a good future includes getting a job that can fulfill my interests, and be a basis for a living for several decades. It requires most of the time, education, and money to begin his career. That has to be the fruit of a long reflexion and organization. I indeed prepared my application for higher-education as young as 13, because I knew that universities and other private institutions look at every applicants' high-school grades. Although I did not know exactly at this (still!) young age what I precisely wanted to do with my life, I knew I should keep all doors open and be able to display a good student-profile if I decided to apply for a selective school.  

I did change my objectives many times, as I got went around the world: I first wanted to be a school teacher, and then a journalist. I eventually chose to become a professor, which I think was a good combination of both of the previous professions, and was still a challenge for me.

Having a remarkable student profile helped me to pass selective steps such as getting accepted in universities, entering studying-abroad programs, getting scholarships. 

Now that I passed all these steps, I can see that I am where I am now thanks to my preparation, but overall thanks to my perseverance.

Planning a good future means having goals, which made me ambitious and assiduous. Although my goals changed with time, they always gave a motivation and a focus in my education.

However, planning is not always applicable. Nowadays, one has to be flexible and be able to move geographically and intellectually as fast as his/her conditions require it. One can not always plan his future, but one has to be able to catch a good opportunity, if it comes into light. I never thought I would live abroad, but I was certainly seduced by the idea when this American professor came to my department to hire French students to work with him in his university. 

Planning must not mean to be rigid. It finally only means to "act in order to get something/somewhere."
