I strongly agree that in this fast paced world where education is the stepping stone for success -and also according to my own experiences- a good future can only be ensured for myself if I plan carefully while I am still young. 

I have many times seen people including my own parents, unable to keep up with today's many challenges because of their lack of prepareness during their youth. These unabilities in most cases have ultimately kept them from being successful or as successful as those that had a plan made years ago. An example would be my father. Being born in a small village in the late 50s in South Korea, as the nation had tremendous economical difficulties recovering from the war, like most of his generation, he could not afford a college education . And much less could he afford the time to plan his future life as he was stuggling at a very young age to help his brothers and sisters survive. Although he was able to get out of that miserable life and work towards his own life, his success was extremely limited due to his lack of prepareness. It is why after almost 7 years in his marriage he chose for our family to leave Korea and try to find wealth and success elsewhere. Our family then moved to Africa but my father still struggled. If wasn't until after years and years of high paced struggling that he was able to maintain a decent level of comfort. However, as we moved to the United States, my father until today was not able to settle himself and still struggles to find that comfort he had so much difficulty to find in Africa and now lost. Circumstances as extreme as my father's, I believe are very rare nowadays in the United States, however, I also believe that his lack of planning and younger ages which includes the fact that he wasn't able to attend college played a major role in his struggling. Seeing my father all these years has made one point extremely clear to me: If I am not preparing and carefully planning every turn and every hill I might encounter in my future, I will never reach my goals, and therefore will never be successful.
