I take this question to refer to something more than "mere" fiancial security, so I will give a suitably existential answer (Comp Lit major that I am).

The question reminds me of something Morpheus, lord of the realm of dreams, says in an issue of Neil Gaiman's "Sandman" series. Watching from a distance a mortal to whom he has granted his greatest wish, Morpheus questions the wisdom of his choice. I do no recall the exact words he says, but they essentially amount to this basic message: the great problem with having what you want is that you will have what you once wanted.

Our desires and fears mature with us. They change shape and increase in complexity, and so do the solutions we devise to satisfy those desires and make sure those fears do not prove to be prophetic in nature. Planning when you are young is, at least to a certain extent, unavoidable rather than necessary. Choosing a major, a post-graduation career (straight to job market, or MA/Ph.D., etc.), a lifelong companion, a place to live; these are just some of the choices we are called upon to make at a comparatively early stage in our lives. The necessary awareness of the far-ranging effects of these choices must be with us, but I believe that to expect to accurately predict the nature of our own feelings thirty or forty years in the future smacks of unwarranted arrogance. We do what we can with what we have when we make our choice, and what we have must needs be enough - or not. Lack of proper planning, I think, could go a long way towards explaining a lot of the mistakes we make i!
 n life.

If we look at the most relevant choices in our lives (marriage, children, etc.), by the time we reach our thirties they have become a reality, at least in most cases. Do we know everything that will happen? No. Can we honestly say we accounted for every possible outcome in the near or distant future? I, for one, do not think anybody can (certainly not me). And yet, we need to make these choices before a certain point, just as often because of down-to-earth biological reasons as because of more rarefied psychological or emotional factors. Waiting to become wise enough to know everything (within reasonable limits) would put us beyond the practical age of parenthood, or even marriage. So let's plan, by all means. However, let's not fool ourselves into thinking we micromanage our future. Where would the fun in that be?
