Everyone wants to have a good future.  Someone would plan it as early as in school, while someone would rather make his/her life more natually.  In my opinion, I don't want to have a careful plan when I am still young.

First of all, I think most plans are made by parents during the early time.  I believe that there are some people who finally reach their goals because they have a very careful and early plan.  For example, some artists and sportsmen work very hard to pursure their goals when they are still young kids.  However, we ordinary people do not have that talence could be trained.  Although more parents will send their kids to some art schools,  less of them will finally succeed.  As a fact, most kids just show a little or even no interest in that area.  Kids are not the plan makers. They are just the receievers and operators.  I do not think they will enjoy that situation.  Without happiness, how can they make a good future? 

Second, I think people's minds are always changing.  We cannot foretell what will happen in next year, even in next minute.  In my case, I wanted to work in an office after my college graduation.  So I worked in a human resource department for two years.  At that time, the Internet got more and more popular.  I started to learn make webpages and graphic drawing in my spare time.  I found I had great interest in that area.  Later I changed my job to a software company as a webpaged designer.  Of course I enjoyed my work in spite of its hardness.  Several years later,  I thought I should have a much more steady work condition.  I happend to have a project in high school and they invited me to stay there.  I grasped that chance and finally started my new career in high school: to be a teacher.  Can you foretell what I will be in the end?  Actually, I cannot decide what I will be in my future.  However, I enjoyed each period of my work which gave me differnent experience in my life time.  I take them as my treasure.

In conclusion, I would make my future plan gradually because people's mind will change easily.  Even better, it will benefit our future if we change our plan depending on the realistic situation.  Thus, I  disagree with that statement above.
