Some people would agree that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young. However, for me, I would say it depends according to the surroundings.

Making carefully plans before actions is really important and necessary. I could give one example about me. I am a typical person who like to start my day following a checking list. Get up, head to COM114, back to lab to work, head to dinning court, meet advisor, and back to ABE for classes and etc. It is very obvious that without the routine check list I would not survive from college. Moreover, I have a wider plan for a longer time rather than just one day. For example, I have a general plan for this semester. Because I took COM114 and ENGL106 classes; both of them are English related classes. So my general plan for this semester was to enhance my English and slow down a little bit for other subjects. Therefore, I followed my plan to go through this whole semester. At the end of the semester, I think I did pretty good jobs towards my English which was the original aim of my plan.

Nevertheless, making long time range plans sometimes might hurt a "good" future. Though I am a typical person who like to take actions following specific checking list, I would feel frustrated if I plan and do something that is related to my long time future. I have suffered a lot regarding this. Before I came to the United States, I set up a plan to become a vet. However, this plan did not work too well after two months of study; because I was not good at dealing with blood and animal organs. So I made a another long time plan for my future: to become a promising engineer in food industry. I thought this would be a good plan; because everyone needs food and this industry is not related to the current economy. So my plan accompanied me for one and half years before problems happen. The problem that made me doubt about my engineer plan was that I could not find an intern here merely because of my international student statues. Besides that I was told a lot of rumors about this industry such as low salary, conservative and etc. So I have to change my plan towards another field. Fortunately, I step on another promising field that is bio-fuel area which is destined to be a huge business. However, after some talking with the professionals in this field, I felt that siginificant achievement that would make bio-fuel available to this world will still cost humans 20-30 years. Therefore, I gave up my plan easily again.

All in all, for me I prefer to have short time plans for my good future rather than long time plans. Now, I am unemployed from "long time plans." Because changes are much faster than plans. We never know what is going to happen in the coming 5, 10 or 20 years. Therefore, instead of making a plan trying your luck, I would set up a precise plan for my today and look forward to the plan of tomorrow.
