Planning is the key toward Success

I totally agree planning ahead of time is the most important key to ensure a good future. There are many advantages that I can get from planniny carefully and planning ahead of what I should be while i am still young. For me, i have follow this key factor and plan my way as i am growing up, and i am getting alot of benefits now as way goes on.

The first advantages i got from planning ahead and planning carefully on everything i do is to reduce the time wasted on the subjects that might not be important or needed in the future.  By the time I was in third grade in Elementary school, i started to plan what i have to do in order to be a more successful businessman in the future. Me, as someone who is interested in the field of Business, know that in order to become sucessful in this field, i should get as much as business experiences as i can. As the result, through the relationships my father got in his comapny,  i entered the business field as a salesman in my father's company. It was really a challenge for me as a kid having a responsibilities same as an adult. However, i know that this is an essential stage for me, the earlier i could start getting business experiences, the better i would be in the future. That was just the first step of my plan to ensure i have a good future and become a sucessful businessman.

Ten years have passed, my plan to ensure i would become a successful businessman continues. In this ten years,  i never stopped preparing myself for the future. I worked in a company as a network administrator, to strengthen my skills in technology area. Since i know that a sucessful businessman is required to have a good knowledge in technology field as well. Last few years, i tutored individual students to improve their ways of study and to teach them subjects that they have difficulties with. I knew by doing so, i can strengthen my communication skills and the skills of getting ideas across to different people. This is an idea that definitely required for a sucessful businessman.

Plan carefully while iwe are still young is the best way to ensure a good future. Take me for an example, I sucessfully got an offer as a Student Technology Consultant because of my outstanding working experiences. This wouldn't happen if i did not i plan carefully when i was young.
