An airplane knows exactly its destination before taking off. And a ship always knows exactly where it is heading to. Imagine if there is no destination for airplanes and no direction for ships, the result would no doubt be running out of gasline and going nowhere at last. As human beings, we need to know what we want and where we are heading to when we are still young, just like airplanes and ships do. So we may have a chance to complete something, not just walk arount and get nothing done.

First of all, it is very important for us to plan carefully for our future. If there is no goal or direction for our life, we might go into the wrong way. 

Since we have agreed on the importance of planning carefully for the future, we might wonder if it is necessary for us to plan our future while we are still young. Squirels will researve plenty of food for winters so as to have enough food to eat instead of starving to death in the cold days. They always prepare things ahead of time. Before planes take off from ground, the crew will always inform passengers of how to use the safety device on board. When a blizzard is coming, everyone wants to know it as early as possible in order to prepare for it. Everyone knows the essence of preparing early for the up-coming events as long as we realize them. Right now it is about our future, which is maybe the most important thing in our entire life. So why don't we make plans for our future as early as possible just like we do for other less important things? 

Perhaps someone still have concerns about the early planning for the future. They may say, "Kids know nothing about future" or "Children cannot make the right decision about the future because everything is changing". However, I think this is not a problem. First, everybody cannot control the future. Nobody knows what is going to happen. Second, the effect of a future plan is just to show a direction to your daily life and give you a guidance for your decision making. The life will be more effient and easier if we set up a goal for our future.  

We may change our future plans when we are getting older and smarter. But we do need to plan our future while we are still young.
