There is a chinese phase that stated, "It is always better to prepare early. Once you are done with preparing, there's nothing much to worry about." Although this phase might not appeal to anyone but it somehow represent the most fundenmental concept of manage your life. We can see from many historical events, stories, so on that telling on how important is to plan stuff out before we actually do it. When we are young, those concept might not stay in our mind for long, however, once we get older, we all starting to realize that if we plan thing out carefully before we do it, it can not only save our time, but we can also finish the job is a time efficient manner. I would say that I agree that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young.

I believe the most vivid example of planning to ensure good future will be the dream that every child has. When we are young, we all has some kinds of dream in out mind that what are we going to become when we grow up. Some children want to become a pilot, some want to be a baseball player, and other want to be a teacher. Different dream in our mind makes us different person. Although most of the time, the dream in childhood won't be able to come true and is usually unrealistic, however, those dreams already somehow set up the goal in our mind and telling us which way to work toward for our future career. If you don't have any dream in you mind when you were young, what can motivate you to study? What can motivate you to take exam? Therefore I believe, children have dream of what they are going to become when they are young will be more successful when they grown up.

Some people might counter that although I never plan out my future when I was young, I still have a really good life right now. It might be true, however, the reason for you to have a very good life right now might not be base in your effort rather on your luck. Perhaps you are lucky that you got accept into good college, perhaps you are lucky that you get a good job. I believe that the best way to ensure your life is yo start planning when you are young.

In conclusion, the reason that I think that to ensure your good life later on is to plan early when you are young is because if you plan early you will have more time to work toward your goal. You won't change your goal too easily on the half way to complete it. It is always better to plan thing out early rather than late.
