Planning for a good future. Well this is one thing to really think about. After all you can't just leave everything to god and let things happen in their due course of time. Planning is very important. And i fully agree with the thought that if you have to have a good future plannig is important. God can make ways but you have to choose them correctly. And in order to do that you have to plan well in advance. After all 20 years down the lave you don't want to crib saying that i wish i had done this and not that. 

When we are small our parents plan for us. Which school to go, what food to eat, the kind of friends to have etc. But as we grow older our problems become bigger, and more strategic planning is required. What we plan for ourselves as kids defines our future. Our hobbies and passions as kids many a times turn into a career when we grow up. That happens only if we nurture our talents well. And to do that again planning is required. As a kid if a person realises that he or she is good at say art, singing, writing etc and in the future wants to take up their talent as a profession, it is important that the talent be nurtured and that to at the right time. Now you already have a vision. You need to work about achieving it. And that could be done by planning. Your parents could recognise your talent at an early age, and they could plan for your talent to be tapped by enrolling you in various classes where you could built up on your talent. And once you have the basic knowledge, you could furthur build on it by finding a mentor, a guarding angel who could take you all the way. Now all this requires planning and then again planning requires vision. You can plan to achieve something only if you can envision it.

Some kids are a prodigy and their talents are seen and tapped at an early age by their parents who do most of the planning for them. What about the others? The others have to pave a way for themselves. And to do so they need to start early. Whilst in school they need to tap on their strengths, their areas o interest. And once they know for sure what they like and what they don't, they should work on moving ahead from there. While in school you could be interested in biology, math, history etc. Your current interest will define your future. You know you like biology. So now what. How could i turn my liking for biology into a career? The only answer is by strategic planning. You could plan in such a way that you liking for biology takes you to become a biology major and then gets you into medical school where you again decide your specialiation based on your liking. It works the same way for other fields too. 

To conclude i'll just say that planning is important for a good and bright future. But then again to plan you need to know yourself well. What you like and what you don't, your ultimate goal etc. You need to have all these ideas clear in your head. It is only then that you can plan. What will you plan and how will you plan if you have no vision no ultimate goal. Thus along with planning, having a vision an ultimate goal is very important for a good future. 
