I totally agree with the statement that we need to plan carefully for our future when we are young. I myself an an example for this statement both in a positive way and a negative way. But however, I also feel that there are other important issues that will have thier part in the course of planning for the future. 

A person when comes to a real world and starts learning things, would always go back to his/her basics to understand the new and unfamiliar things. This is where one needs to have his/her basics and planning right. I came to Purdue University, thinking that I was a good student who can do well in here and get successfull in what I am doing. But it is only after coming here that I understood that I flawed in my planning about learning basics, getting them right and executing them properly whenever required. I think that this is because I didn't plan properly about learning things in the way that is needed. Not planning and working properly about the study atmosphere in a different country was the main reason for my failures here so far. 

But however, I think coming to Purdue itself is an achievement and studying in one of the best departments worldwide itself calls for a lot of planning and implementation. I think I planned well on certain things which I need to take care of while applying and securing an admission into a big school but I also feel that I missed the basic plot of working and planning on certain things that one needs to take care when you are in midst of huge people who compete daily for excellence. This may or may not have an effect on my future as I am working on things which would help me in having a good future, that is, maintaining public relationships. I planned on that very well since my child hood and think that this is helping me a lot. 

Also, planning on future doesnt come naturally when you are young. It requires a lot of guidance and lot of support from other people like parents, teachers and friends. I was fortunate to have good people around me which inspired me in learning a lot about things and plan my future accordingly.

Thus, I conclude by saying that even though planning about things for a good future is very much essential for a person at a young age, I am not sure how that can happen without a proper guidance and proper support in the form of parents, teachers and other people.