If we want to guaranttee a bright future for ourselves, we need to plan carefull when we are still young. There are two main reasons for this assertment.Firstly, careful plan gives us an aim in our life;the second one  is that I experience some hard time in my career because of poor plan; thirdly, we are still able to make a good plan if we want even things will change a lot in the future.

During the process of a well-done plan for our future, we will learn what we want to be, what we are good at, what advantages and shortcoming we have. These issuses make us think deeply of ourselves and our future, thus bring us  a good start point.As the saying goes, good start is half done. A well prepared plan helps us focus on one field or several majoy fields. Our time and energy are so limited that it is impossible to be expert in all the fields we are interested in. Careful plan makes us concentrate our energy in limited areas where we may get success. Through this way, we are clear of our purposes and then we can arrange our everyday life according to those purposes. Many successful people in the word have very clear and exact plan for their lives even when they are very young, such as John Nash, a Nobel Laureat.

As to myself, I learn a lot of lessons because of poor plan for my future and waste much time and money in the past few years. Many years ago I did not know exactly about my career goals and my real interest. When I was in high school, I wanted to be a statistician though I was not good at mathematics. Later I changed my mind and wanted to jump in business, then I switched from statistics major to financial economics. However, during the process I have waxted several years and huge tuition in a field I would not succeed in the future. Moreover, like me, several friends of mine did not plan carefully for their future and keep changing from one field to another. With time flying, they are just wasting their specious time. 

Last but not the least, careful plans may be done when we are very young. We can ask advice from our parents, friends, teachers. It is possible to change our plans in the future, but we are still rational at that stage because in the beginning we are very clear of our life goals and our advantages. Therefore, we will not suffer too much loss in the future if we plan carefull when we are young.

In sum, to make our future loss as little as possible, we need a good plan , to enjoy a success and wonderful future, we must plan very carefull when we are still young. 
