It is good to plan  one's future when he is young. My parents have been planning my future for me since I was little. However, things just don't follow your plan. For example, one of my cousins was majoring in computer science in San Francisco State University, but he ended up with working in a Bank of American as a bank teller. He told me he couldn't find a job that fits his degree. Nowadays, thing are changing dynamically. New technologies are being invented. Reseachers are working hard on discovering new chemicals and looking for medicine to cure cancers or AIDS. As long as you work hard, you will get a good future because opportunies are available.  If things don't go the way you wish to be, switch your focus on another things. One person has told me that either work on something that get paid a lot or work on something that you are interested in. A good future is very objective. One might be happy just by speding his whole life in the lad doing research, like Newton, though he only makes a little. However, one might not be satisfied though he has humugous amout of money because he wants more.

Participate in something that gets paid a lot can definitely ensure you a good life. At least, you are able to raise the family and stay away from hunger and coldness. Currently, my mom is a caretaker. She takes care of elderly people. She doesn't like the job, but she needs the job in order to  make a living and support me in college. 

Working on something that one is enjoying spend time doing it is also good, and it will has a great future. One of my tutors once told me that she likes to teach. I understand she is under-paid by being a math tutor in our program that is designated for our minority students. The satisfaction and fullfilment are incredicable once she hears students saying "thank you" to her. There is nothing simpler than that. Watching student suceed is the best thing as being a tutor for her. She wants to be a teacher in a high school in the future. It might not get paid a lot, but it's something she likes. I believe she will have a good time in her life.
