I think I agree with the above point. If you want to be successful in the future, you must be a good planer.  In ancient China, parents always tell their children: anything wouldn't be done unless you have prepared very well in it. I think this advice still work until now. I think I have two reason to support my opinion.

First, if you want to have a good future, you must know how to hold the good chance and then work hard to achieve your goal. So the first step is your goal, you have to make sure what is the most important and what you want. It doesn't make sense you can reach a good future if he or she even doesn't know what is his or her dream. In that way, he or she doesn't how to arrange his or her time and energy, how to choose the useful stuff and how to focus on the valuable stuff which is helpful for a good future.  The second step is that you have to know when your chance come and how to hold this chance. It is also impossible if a guy doesn't realize the chance then he or she would success. Since a good future need hard work and good chance, so you have to emphasis the importance of those great chance. Hence, the necessary stuff to have a good future is that having a real goal and the ability to realize and hold a good chance. To achieve that, you must be a good planer who have a real dream.

Secondly, If you are a good planer, you can reach a good future easier and the chance to success is added.
First, if you are a good planer, you can prepare you career better than others who doesn't do in that preparing way. You can plan you time and energy very reasonable and then you can find the balance between your spare time and your work, finally you feel filled, confident and happy, which is very important for a people to success--to be a confident one.  You also can focus on the stuff which related to ensure your future. In that way, you do everything effectively. Hence, being a good preparer would definitely help you to become a success one. What's more, if you are a good planer, you will be interesting in what you have to do, then you feel energic to finish your job and you would get great progress than others who only did those things without designing. It is one of the most happy thing that you have a good design or idea and then achieve it by yourself. Thus, I strongly recommend everyone has a good plan before he or she wants to do anything, since it that way, he or she will be successful easier.

To summilize, to ensure a good future, you have to have a careful plan and the younger you plan, the better. Only in that way, you can prepare you career and focus on it and then achieve it. 
