I disagree with the idea that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young for following reasons.

First, when people are young, they don't have enough experience to think about their future deeply. They don't know about their own character, talent, ability. they don't know what alternatives they have. They don't know what means 'good future' for them. For example, we can emagine that a boy want to be a professional baseball player and pland to join a baseball team, go to very famous school for baseball team, and join a professional baseball team. He can start playing baseball from his young age, but he might not have talent for going to the school very famous for baseball. His plan finish when he found out that.

Second, even if you plan carefully while you arte still young, th plan might change. For example, My mother wanted me to become a pianist when I was yang. My mother started teaching me and made me take piano lessons when I was 2 years old. Her plan was to made me take piano lessons from very famous piano teachers, made me to go to famous school for piano, and made me to become a pianist. She used a lot of money for me to take lessons. however, I hated her force me to play piano and I finally quited playing piano before going to music school. The money she used was ruined.

Third, the future comes by not only your endever but by luck, too. You never know what happen when you are young. You might meet a person who change your life completely, or you might win a rottery. You never know your future. So you don't need to plan for your future in advance. you can live as time goes by.

Thus, for these three reasons, I think you don't need to plan carefly when you are young. In my opinion, the most important thing to ensure a good future is to think about your future again and again, and change again and again to make yourself convinsed. To enjoy your life is the most important thing because your life is only once.
