How the future will be like for me is a question highly dependent on the chances and luck. However, this does not mean that the future is totally out of control. By planning the future and carefully preparing for that, you can minimize the possible zone where the chance and luck can mischieve. Also, if you plan your future, the earlier the better. So, I certainly agree that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young. There follow several reasons for that.

First, to ensure a good future for yourself planning carefully is better than doing nothing in the sense that it can minimize the influence of the bad chances which is always around you. In other words, if you have a carefully designed-plan, you are losing less when you encounter unexpected risks. 

Second, planning the future when you are young means that you can still have enough time to change. The most dominant critique on the planning the future early will be that you are lacking the sufficient experience to tell what you want truely. Since I am a pro-planning person, many people warned me like this. This opinion has some sense. What I found, however, is that even though you were pursuing one goal that you have already set up when young, if you find another path that attracts you, you can still change your plan, because you are still young. Thus, this argument, I believe, can blow away the critique, "you don' know what you really want to do".

Third, your concrete plan and goals will encourage you to be always awake and confident about yourself and what you are doing. Also, these goals will never let you be relaxed and wondering. Even though your plan cannot perfectly ensure your futuer, only with these positive impacts, it is truely worth having a plan for yourself.

Ensuring the future is not possible because of the chances that you might encounter whenever and wherever, but the best way to pursue this is the plan your future carefully as soon as possible. This will benefit you by minimizing the mischieves of bad luck, helping you to find yourself even though you have a plan, and encourage you to be awake.
