SOme people are really seroius about their future; these already diceded their future early age have studied since they are young, prepered themselves for a future job. On the other hand, some others do not have clear purposs for their future and do whatever they want to do. Planning careflly is not always best way for human life because we all are changing all the time. 

If people carefully plan their future, they tend to focus on the activities that directly involve in their goal. For example, someone who wants to be a doctor since he or she is a kid and plans future carefully to be a may study very hard the subjest about medicene, biology and chemistry which he or  she disregard to study literature, hiistory and politics. In order to have braod interest for any kinds of studies, it is not necessary to be careful about a plan for the future.

In addtion, people do not have to be careful planner because they will learn variety of things through many diverse experiences. If they do not have a lear goal about their huture, they try whatever they are interested in today. They will be curious anything new for them and can gain lots of valuable experiences. These experience would be helpful when they work because of their broad knowledge. 

Finallt, careful planning prevent peole from failing. Even though careful planning helps people avoid from serious failure and leads them go smoothly, there is not reason that to avoid failing is better for human. People need anything that make them sad, struggle, depressed, anger and any kind of unpleasant feelings for their mental growth. When someone fails, he or she attempt to find a solution for it; this contributes him or her to develop their sripituality as well as knowledge. the failure comes from poor planning is not always bad. 

In conclusion, people do not need to be careful about their future and should try any thing they like to to today. A unclear goal may help people to get a lot of experience and knowledge if these poeple try to make a effort. 