  Best seller self-help books have the same strategy in common; aim high, plan in advance, concentrate on one goal and prepare for that, and so on. Those strategies sound fancy to some passionate young people and make them plan their 50-year future plan. However, planning is not the all ways to succeed in their lives. There are unpredictable factors in their future, as well as wrong decision due to lack of life skills and wisdom. 

  One reason that planning in younger age is not all about success is that young people lacks social experiences and wisdom. When people are young, they are passionate and think of the world as a conquarable area. As a result, young people tend to plan their future with that concept about the world. However, as they get through some hardships, their concept of the world changes and they realize that their plan was too immature. It will be better if they include their own life lessons into plan after they get older.

In addition, there are too many factors that is not predictable in their young years. People usually expect that after graduating highschool or university, they will get jobs and start career wherever they are interested in. However, it's not true. For example, people who graduated universities and expected to start career in 1930's couldn't get job due to the Great Depression. In case of myself, I planned to come to America when I was second year of university, but I could not make it because of my personal surrounding changed. After I arrived in America in third year, I planned to travel Europe and America in summer vacations, but I got intern offer which I didn't even imagine and thus was not prepared before. It is too complicated to predict future variable factors and it cannot be included in young year's plannings.

Planning in young days helps people to concentrate their works when they are passionate. It might save their time and effort, and clearly indicate what area people should concentrate on their work. However, planning is not all about future success. People can decide things in a wrong way due to lack of social experiences and life wisdoms. In addition, future variabilities make plans hard to be achieved. Therefore, young people should have near future plan, instead of their whole life plan, to live fully everyday. That will make them successful, not the idealistic future schemes.
