Many people think we should schedule our career and future when we are still young. However, some people may think things change very fast, it is not practical to plan our future in advance. From my opinion, I would like to plan it carefully when I am still young. 

There are many reasons to support my opinion, here I would like explain some of them. First of all, we are social people, we have to contribute to our society and earn some reputations from the society. To achieve this we must know what is the society needs and how can we meet the requirements. It needs us to plan our future step by step. It is hard to image one can succeed in one day or one month. Even for a gifted person, efforts is necessary. We must get though it from the most basci to the most complex. So we must plan our future when we still young to make us clearly know how can we achieve our goals and let us have enough time to get it.

The second reason to plan our futures is to let us adjust our plans flexiblely. If we have a plan, we can find if there are some changes in our environment, so we can adjust our plans according to the outside changes. If we have no plans, we may not find out how the outside changes may impact our goals. It is a little blind for us to continue work on our goals. For example, as the computer help people to performance some of the computation, we should focus our future on the programmer and algrithom. If we do not have a plan. we might still focus on the caculation by our hands and can not realize the impact of computer can help us.

Of course, it does not mean we should plan it when we are only small children. we should explore our interesting when we are small children. But after we realize our interesting, we should make a plan to help us to achieve it.

From the discussion above, we may easily figure out that plan our future as soon as possible is very important. Also plan our future does not mean we must fix it without changes. It should flexible to adjust to adapt the outside changes.
