Nowadays lifestyle is hard and very competitive. The days go fast and everyone is running from one place to another all the time.

Planning the future when you are young is a good thing to do. You can start the first steps of the rest of your life as sooner as posible.  Furthermore when we are young we have bigger dreams and smaller fears so we are able to design our professional life in a more open way.

However planning young can have some downsides as well. Because we are not mature enough we can make bad choices or in other words, choices that are not related to our real passions and expectatives. It is not rare to see people doing two maybe three different undergraduate's programs after realize that they were doing something not related to what they wanted.

Start planning your life when you are young is good but you have to keep your mind open to good open doors that you may come across during the course of your life. 

I can explain this with the case of my own life. Since I was young I decided to become a biologist in Brazil. Because of my husband I ended up moving to United States. I was very resistant about the idea to live outside my country but I made it for him. I could start a volunteer work at UCLA and now, after two years living in California I am doing my PhD in the Geography Department at the same University. Well, I am not a biologist anymore, I am a biogeographer and the interesting part of this is that I really feel confortable in the department. I have good friends, great colleagues and professors. Every day I deal with things that I never dreamt before. Now I can tell that I cannot see myself doing a different thing in a different school (or in a different country). This only happened because I was opened to change my plans and start a new life experience.

As a conclusion I can say that I agree that the best way to ensure a good future is to plan carefully when you are young because of the today's competitive lifestyle but you have to be open to change if your plan ended up being not the most appropriate for you or if your life is showing some different and interesting open doors.
