A way to ensure a good future is probably to plan carefully when you are still young. But it is not nececary the only way.

When we are younger we do not have really conciense of the future, we disfrut the moment and the life. I think with the time and the year you realize that you are not much time than when you are young. At this moment you try "to save" and appreciate each moment may be like was the last. In the contrary, when you are young you want to live you really do not care of your llife, you go out, you drink, you smoke, you do not sleep enough. And you do exactetly the contrary that save your life you waste all the money that you earn and think at the future. When you are young your slogan it is the same that for the punk generation and anarchiste way NO FUTURE.

About the money when you begin to earn some money when you are young you want gasp the money not take attention that now you are some money but may be tomorow will have nothing. And keep the money in bank can be good for the future.

We can also say that we are just only one time young in the life and do like James Dean who profited of the life but you want life so quickly by moment your loose your llife, if it is right that we are one life it is also true that we are one life. And if we want see our face becomes old, we need to protect ourself.

Some people say that we do not what reserve us the future that we can have a terrible disease or a fatal heart-attack and for this it is necesary to profit all the time. Not to be stress with the future, and live everyday like it is the last.

I think you take conciense more in your future when you are a family whether you are some children that you want to see rising, and if you have a person that you love whom can give a perspective of happy.

I think that in the life the way of everybody is to be happy. There is some people who take some hard drugs or others staff. I am pretty sure this kind people try to find the happinness in a kind of substitution of life.

And there is probably no future for these people.
