I totally agree with this topic as good future for myself is to plan carefully while I am still young. 

When people are young, they don't know the importance of the future plan. For instance, when I was a high school student, I didn't understand why I had to study for a long time every single day. However, now I totally understand why parents and teachers kept encouraging me to study.
Their intention was based on my better future since when I was young. Now, I am a graduate student as an international student in U.S. so I have been quiet well planned for my future so far.

Another reason why the best way to ensure a good future for oneself is to plan cautiously that we live longer life in these days than couple of decade ago. People's life expendency is getting longer and longer so we have to prepare carefully the whole life when people are still young.
More earier plan is more chance to live better life. Let me explain other situation. My class has several old classmates who used to work as a physician. She's got a plan to study in my same program when she was 25 years old. Now she is almost 50 years old, but she thought that new field of study might be very interesting to live rest of one's life. Therefore, she prepared to apply for the graduate school for a long time. 

Human being is an animal who forget everything. Therefore, people need to plan and write thier life for future. I believe that there are no good reason to be success without any plan. To illustrate, if people would like to buy the home, they need to start a deposit small amount every month. Then the money will come out bigger amount with interest. And then people can get their own home finally. So I think everything even related in the materialism need to plan for the future.

The way to plan the future is that two different preparations such as short plan and long plan. For short plan in one's life is that people can consider their own plan for short time such as 1 year, 2 years, or even 5 years. When we decide to do for a short period, it becomes more clear and easy to do. 

People might consider the future plan for a long perspective. For example, smart people made a decision their major as well as career when they were a junior high school student. So they can prepare for the score to get into the college. After graduated the college, they consider the specific career for their future life. While people work for the job, they might think about the marriage, children, and better life such as economic situations. 

All progresses of one's life need the plan for the future so I think the best way to make sure a good future is to plan very consciously while people are still young. 
