Looking at the lives of many great leaders, I agree that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young.

Before I go start, I would like to defind what is a good future.  I would say a good future is like a goal of the individual.  Some people may argue that you cannot control your own life, but I disagree with this point.  I believe if you want to become a doctor and you have always been preparing yourself for that position, I am pretty sure that most likely you will get there.  However, if you want to become a doctor, but you never prepare yourself for that position, then I don't think you would get there easily.  

Another example, if you have a twin, two boys, child A and child B.  You help child A plan his future carefully and watch over this boy to make sure that he does not skip school, smoke, fight, and do other bad things that parents do not want their children to do.  You let child B does anything child B wants.  You do not help child B plan his future and child B also does not have any plan for his future.  Thirty years later down the road, I would say it is most likely that child A will be successed and get his degree in whatever he is studying.  However, on the other hand, child B will not be as successfull as child A because child B didn't plan his life carefully and it would take child B many tries and harder to catch with child A.  

For real a live example, Mao Zedong, China's presidents in the 1950s to 1970s did not just jump from the peasant life to become a president.  Mao had a vision of reforming China when he was young and he worked his way up from that vision.  He planned his life carefully and he tried to catch up with his plans all along.  When he finally get enough people to revolve China and took over China.

In conclusion, I believe that the best way to have a good future is through planning it carefully.  If you plan it carefully, most likely you will be successed and get your goal.
