I agree with the statement that "the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young". 

I think that while you are young you have the choice of your future. You have the choice in the major that you want to study. You can choose to study hard and be a good student to build a good professional future. You can have some dreams that you want to achieve and follow the different steps to accomplish them.

However, it is hard when you are young in high school for example or even in College to be sure of what you really want to do during your entire life. The most part of the college students I know do not even know what they want to do after their college graduation. Their project is just to be graduate and after "we will see".

My opinion is that if you do not plan for your future and you do not accomplish some of your dreams during your life you will regret it later. When you will be seventy years old and you will not be able to do anything you will be disapointed by all the things you have not done while you were still able to do them.

Before this year in the Universty of Minnesota, I was not sure of what I would like to do during my life. But this year, I tried to plan my future and to build it now. Thus, I know exactly what I will do during the next ten years of my life. I have some exact goals to achieve and different ways to achieve them. The only fact that you settle some goals and you plan your future are a mean to motivate yourself achieving these goals.  

Nonetheless, I have the major part of my friends, who lived in France, who do not care about the future. They just want to live the present instant and do not think about what will happen tomorrow. Thus, they just do some basic job where they just earn what they need to survive and have fun. They never think about what could happen in 5 years or what they will do if they need to buy an appartment or a new car. I think it is not a good way to prepare a nice future. They will quickly be bored of doing some annoying jobs and they will regret what they did when they were young. They will regret their lack of dream and vision of the future. The only hope that they have is that one day they will find a good employer who will be nice with them and offer them a nice employment. But there is a risk to give your future to the luck; it is better to plan it carefully while your are young.
