Parents love their children and try to plan their life while they are still young. Back in my hometown, the word we most often hear is "university", " Get into QH university, then you will definitely have a great future." Like that is the final goal of our life. Everyone wants a good future, but I dont' thiinks the best way is to plan carefully because you will lose many precious experience and happiness. At the same time you will limit your mind.

Planning carefully while children are still young will make them lose precious experience and happiness. As we say, "Failure is the mother of success." We falling down several times then we learn to walk.  But with a great plan of life, people usually don't have chance to experience failing, which will yeild a weak mind of meeting failing. To fail is a experience from which you can learn much more about knowledge, about life. It happens that people kill themselves while meet some frustrating. They have their life really well planed, great elementary school, famous middle school, wonderful college, honor student who study 18 hours a day. That's not the life they will meet in real world, real society. More experience is necessary when they are young. And the success after failing will be more sweet. How can they feel this kind of sweet if they haven't been frustrated before?

Planning carefully from childrenhood will limit our mind. People all have dreams, and they have different ones in different periods. What we need to do while we are young is to dream about future, see different things and when we are mature enough we make decision. If we decide too early, we loose chance to see more and explore more. When we get older, some dreams might become rediculous or meaningless. No one can predict what they sure will like in the future. What if we don't like the plan goal anymore? Should we suffer for the rest of our life or start again? Neither is a good idea. Even the one other decide for you is the most popular job or something, it doesn't mean you will like it for sure.  A future is a good one only if you love it yourself.

So I disagree on "The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young."

Because if so people loose precious experience and happiness, and will get limitation on their mind.
