Everybody wish to have a good future, and we are all working everyday to try to buid a better tomorow. Some people say "The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young". They mean that a good future implies a carefull planning during a young age. I disagree with this thesis, because I think that not everything can be planned, and that planning is not always bringing happiness.

In life, everything can not be planned. Some people seem healthy and then they die. Some people are rich and then they lose everything. There is a part in life that cannot be predicted. Most of the people that have been successful in life happen to be at the right place at the right time. They tell you that they would never thought that their life will go this way. It happened to me to go somewhere for a speech, without being prepared at all and without knowing what I will say. Of course in this case I'm getting nervous before, but during my speech I sometimes get better results than when I planned everything. And even when I'm working hard for a speech, I always keep a part of impromptu speech, because it adds this originality and fun that non-planning have.

On an opposite scale, it seems that people who planned everything, for instance their study, are not always happy. Some people are going through the best high-school in the US, then study in Harvard and they planned to be succesful and rich. But these people may change their mind on the way to succes. They may want to do something else. If they're still with their plans, they will not change anything, and they might be stuck later with what they have because they don't like it anymore. And even if they will have what they want, they will not have the good feeling of being surprise sometimes. The thing is that whatever plans you have, you always have to make change and consensus and that's why life is nice.

When you received a surprise and it's something you wanted very badly, you're sometimes happier than when you ask for something and you have it. Planning life is the same. Surprise in life is a great thing and planning everything make you miss this.
