To ensure a  good future a whole line of decisions and planning comes before that.  As we are born it's commen sense that no matter what you do, there are always some planning or decisions that we have to make. Sometimes  a bad decision or a lack of planning can ruin your whole life, and that event might be  whether start working right after high school or going to college and even chosing the right collge taking the right classes might be a big issue. Life is all about planning and making decisions, that is why there are always more than one option to choose.

Our parents gets us started with eduation before we know how to make decisions. They brough us to elemantary school, get us to junior high and push us to high school and force us to go to college. Some people are willing to be educated because many of us know that procuring knowledge is a promise to a better future. 

Before college, life seems to be quite calm and decision and stress-free. After attending college, everyone have to be independent because you can no longer rely on anyone else. Sometimes in situations where you needed help, no one will be there specifically waiting for you, you have to reach out and get help. It is true that asking for help can be hard sometimes but understanding materials and passing are big deal. 

We are stilll young we have enough time to correct our mistakes, but in contrast when we are old, we don't have all those time in the world waiting for us. That is why plan out our future step by step when we are still young will give ourselves an overview of our future. Tnere are many others that do not think education is important becuase they believed that they are on of those lucky ones that probably win a lottery in the future, or inhereit billions of dollars from a dead relatives. They do not plan for their future, instead they like to dream, that is why most of them don't get anywhere. 

Many things that we planned out would probably change in the future, however setting things out straight give us a sense of safety and stableness. Therefore, when we are working across our plans, we know that we aiming for our goal.
