Unlike most people of my age, I already perfectly know what I want to do in the future. I do agree that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young. By thinking ahead, you should be able to be in advance contrary to others who did not think about their future early enough, you should be able to prevent some things from happening and you should be able to achieve your goals quicker than everyone else.

By planning your future while you are still young, you will be in advance compare to those who did not think ahead. In the world we are living in, where the competition is everywhere, it would be a great advantage to plan your future while you are young. Compared to  alot of people of my age, I know what I want to do in my life, which allows me to think ahead while people around are still thinking about the direction they want their life to take.
By planning your future while your are young, you should be able to prevent some things from happening. For example, people who do not really know what they want to do in life, sometimes can lose time and remain behind those who planned carefully their future. By thinking ahead, someone could take less time to achieve his or her goals. Most of the time, people who planned carefuly their future are those who are the most successful in  life.
In every situation life can bring, if someone had already think about the problem, he or she will be able to get rid of the problem quicker and better than the others. If you had think about your future carefully, you will not make the mistakes someone who never tought about his future could do. For example, a lot of people get tattous when they are young and have to have them remove years later because they can't not get a job. If those people had thought ahead they might have think twice about getting tattoued. 

Even though you never know what the future can bring, I think it is important to try to plan your future while you are still young in order to be quicker than everybody else and avoid doing mistakes.