I don't agree with the idea that people should plan their future carefully, when they are still young.

I am now in my 30's and my life have seen so many turning points.  I am living a life which is competely different from the one that I dreamed or imagined that it would be, when I was  a little girl. So then, isn't my life good or not? No matter whet othe people may say, I myself believe that my life is good and I am happy.

Young people, especially when they are still in teenage, usually don't know what they really want and which way they should go.  If someone has already clearly see what he wants, it is very lucky and he should pursue his dream as much as possible. However, if young people believe that they should have decide their direction of life and have to follow only that way, they would eventually see many unexpected things and obstacles on their way, and face to the point where they have to make decision.  They may be understanding the severeness of reality and hardness of life too. Then, if there is only one way that they can go, or they cannot change their original plan, most of them shold be stuck in that point and never go forward or any direction.  Some of them who have strong spirit or are simply lucky, may be able to overcome the obstacles and move forward, but the most of people are not strong enough and may end up to give up everything.

The most important thing, I believe, is that young people should have flexibilities in any ways. Also they should never forget that there is always a hope, whatever happened or whichever way they have to change. Chenging mind is not all bad thing. As long as they think carefully and make their own decisions, they would never be regret in the future when they look back to their past life, becase that  is their freedom that they can decide their own way.  However, freedom is alwasy with responsibility and people must take their own responsibilities to what they are doing, which means that we cannot blame other people or situations or think that bad things are someone else's fault. If we forget this, we may think that our lives are always unsatisfying and not enough. That is not good life.

Unless people are doing their best and moving forward to the way that they belive right in any points of life, life can be changed anytimes and it is not wroung. Many of people will end up to have the completely different life from thier childhood dream, but find that they are still happy. They may be just ordinaly people and not have acheved any significant things to the world. Yet, the thing which decides their life is good or not is whether they are happy about it or not. When they look back to their life and can say that they are following their own will, their lives are good. I have gone through so many things and seen many bad and sad thing. I lose many things and took unnecessary turns. However, I am happy and my life has been so far very good.
