Future is ful of uncertainty in life. Young age is the presnt life where if you manage well your young life and plan for your future from then only than you can ensure you future too. So i agree with the statement that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young.

First reason for the same is the life is ful of uncertanity. No one can predict future. No one can tell you or know wat is gonna happen in the future. So to secure your future financailly and relatively you need to plan for the same from young age. 

For example if a person is earning well at his young age but he does not know that will the amount of income gonna be same in future for him or not. He may probably have no income in his old age as of retireed life. To live the same standard of living of lavish life he should shart saving and investment from now itself so that when he is retired, he has the saving to go with the same life style inspite of no earnings at that time.

One should always live life with bit responsibilty. One should have responsibilty of the future of himself plus the family so planing about each thing and for better life of family one should start planning from young age. for example taking the insurance on one's life. So even if he dies his family will not have economical sufferings.

If one does not plan carefully for future while young than he will spend all earnings in young age and when a person cant work at old age he will have no money and will have to work to survive. Not only financially but social plannings are also important while you are young. that will make yourself relaxed and carefree while you go older and aged.

One cannot plan the future according to one's choice but can always try to secure in best posiible way for the future. The plannings are needed from young age itself. So I fully agree with the statement  that the best way to ensure good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young.
