With the tremendous changes in the world over the past 20 to 30 years, people somewhat are afraid of the future, and there is a widespread idea that to ensure oneself a good future, the best way is to plan carefully when one is still young.

Indeed it is a good advice, as the present prepares for the future. Young people have to study, go to high school and college, and somehow plan what sort of job they want and are going to have in the future. Your future work life is, in a way, the consequence of what you are doing when you are still young. You cannot waste your time, just living and having fun, because once you get older, it will be too late to go back and study. Your parents might not be here to support you, and no one will be there to ensure you a good future of you do not do it yourself. You also should plan for your retirement while you are still young, because starting saving 10 years before would be much too late to ensure your old days.

On the other hand, one's personality is also built by experience, by something that is not always planned, and during one's youth. To ensure a good future for yourself, you certainly have to plan carefully, but you have to know what you want to plan. For that, young people have to just live, without worrying much about the future, and get some experience. This way, they will get to know what they like, what they are interested in. Young people also have to think about their retirement, and have a plan of what to do with their savings, but they also have enjoy life. They will not travel and have new experience once they are settled, with their own job, home and family. You have to plan for your future, but you also have to live your youth.

Thus, to ensure yourself a good future, you have to develop a mix of planning and experience while you are still young. You have to plan what might happen to you, where you want to be in the future, but you also have to develop yourself while you still do not have too much responsibilities.
