We have all dreamt of being firefighters, pilots, astronauts or doctors when we were younger; a few have made these dreams come true. We have all somewhat figured out that how we could get there, meaning the necessary level of education. some have dreamt of being professional singers and dancers, others have been aspiring to be millionaires. where are we now?

There are two underlying misleading assumptions in the statement.

First, are we mature enough to foresee the future as a projected reality in a few years time when we are young, or is a six-year-old child mature enough to know that the reality is harder than the dreamt life of "when I am older"? Can the child have an accurate idea of what a good future is? Young people have different perception of risk then they should have: when they consider being a firefighter they do not take into account that firefighters risk their life daily, nor can they know what it takes to be a billionaire.

Second, it is essential to note that all dreams do not come true, meaning that what we want does not always happen for two major reasons: (1) people have different capabilities and (2) failures are never foreseeable.
the first reason can be illustrated by a somewhat obvious example: some of us do have to wear glasses at 12 or 16 and therefore cannot be pilots anymore; a young girl may see that she has muscles-problems that force her to not being a dancer.

the second reason is all the more true in high-education. If a young person was planning to pass be a doctor or engineer and takes three times a particular exam and fails, then he or she should consider to drop this career perspective even if it was carefully planned (from high school with a concentration in physics or chemistry).

However, ambition is the key word. Young people without any vision (even futuristic) of what they would like to do when they grow up present some problems.
ambition should start young otherwise it may be too late.

Once they have a some sense of what they are good at or would like to do, young people shouls start discussing with older ones like parents or family in general to help plan their career reasonably witha consideration of failures( have a plan B at least)
