Being young is the best part of people's life. Making the right choice while you're still young is probably not a very common thing. I believe that it is really hard to make plans for a good future when a person is still very young. First of all, I think that children not always have the right judgement for their potential and most of them base their plans on dreams and abstract believes. Secondly, I assume that parents take the many decisions or at least show the right path for their children. Moreover, growing up can make people change their mind about their wishes and objectives.

Being a child is the most wonderful time of life. Kids don't care for anything and it is not likely for them to plan their future and organize their ideas for the best way to succeed in life. Therefore, I believe that they are not capable to ensure a good future while they are still young, because their reality at that point of their life is based on dreams and games.

Secondly, when people are young, it is common thing that parents make decsions for them and lead them into the real life. Sometimes young people could end up realizing the dreams of their parents, but in most cases parents are more capable to evaluate the potential of their children and show them the right direction. I think that the way to ensure a good future is to listen to your parents recommendations as long as parents are objective.

Another reason for my believes is that growing up can change people's perception for life and their aims. Most young people have dreams to become strars or super heros. It takes time to realize what they are capable of and what is the best field for them. Planning a good future could be controversial because one can never tell what could happen to him or herin future. There are situations in life which don't depend on person's wishes and plans and these situations could chage one's life.

In concliusion, I believe that young people are not capable to plan by themselves their life in order to ensure a good future. There are many factors that could change their life path and many people who are involved in their process of making decisions