Planning your  future while you are still young is the best and most viable way to ensure a good future. 

This is the best available process to achieve the desired future in life. Yet, this process must be followed carefully step by step. First, every person needs to have  a clear idea of what future he or she desires to. In short words, a person need to have a  big final goal.  This goal must be thought as something to be achieved by following a long path. Then, this path bust be divided in different steps with small goals to be achieved. Once the vision of the final goal and the path to achieve it is clear, every person just needs to focus on the plan and to follow it as enviosoned. This could be very challenging on time because of the everyday distraction of life, and for the diffuculty that he or she would encounter in life. Yet, by following meticously this plan, every person will be able to achieve a good future in their life. And, even if the chance that tha final goal will not be achieved completely, he or she would be very close to it anyway.

On the other end, some people believe that by planning everyday your life, he or she will be like a machine that follow a direction given by somebody else. In doing this, she will lose the joy of life,  vitality, strenght, power and willingness to live the life. Finally, the future would not be the good one that she had in mind. And, even if he or she would be successfull, he or she would not enjoy it because it would not represent the inner persona.

Even if this argumnet is somewaht compelling , it lacks the real true. The real true is that the person that plan in advance the future is you and not a machine. You are the person responsible for the planning and the planning suit your best beliefs, values and ideals. Following day by day, what you believe and discovering that you can achieve it would be the most rewardind and powerful strategy. You will find yourself fullfilled in yoir inner. You will be very happy to live yoiur life and very confident in yourself. 

Even if this stragegy above mentioned is diffucult to be perceived, in the long run it  will be the most powerful and rewarding. The person that will pursuit will be able to achieve it and this achievement will bring confidence and joy in his or her life.
