Walking down the streets around schools in Taipei City, you will see children rushing into different cram schools, craft schools, music schools, etc., to get extra education ouside of regular classes. Why so? Parents of these school kids believe that their children will have a better future if they start earlier in life. However, is really the younger the better? The answer does not seem to be as straightforward as the parents have thought. 

Many people are future-oriented and they believe that having a well thought-out plan when they are still young will bring a better future when they are older. Because of this belief, some people will arrange plans or activities for them to achieve when they are at a relative young age. For example, many people in Taiwan start to learn a foreign language when they are in kindergarten schools or take piano lessons when they could barely press the keys. They think, or their parents think, that it is important to plan ahead of time for them to start earlier in life so they can be more competitive and more marketable later in life. This kind of belief, however, has apply hugh pressure on their own shoulder  and could possibly create detrimental effect on their life as well. 

While it is logical to infer that having a careful plan for one's future has a higher probability for one to achieve one's life goal or to have a better future, it is critical to ask who is making the plan and how young a person should start to carry out the plan. It is also important for people to be aware of one's changes of personal goals and interests and subsequently changes the plans. In other words, it is important for a person to have a plan when they are young, yet the plan should be dynamic rather than static. This is because the so-called "good future" is relative to how people perceive what they want their future to be and how they feel about their life, rather than the external expectation from parents or society. 

It could be argue that while a personal is still young and relatively cognitive immature, it could be dangerous to have a fixed plan because such kind of plan could only "create" a life for children who might not enjoy the life that s/he is given . Many people in Taiwan have a life that is planned by their parents when they were very young and yet a life that they feel miserable when they grow up. These people might have a good career or a wealthy life, yet a tortured soul. This is so commonly seen in the society that we should be aware of not forcing our children to follow a plan that is not their own choice. 

Having aruged about the plan one should have, it is, however, a controversial delimma. While we know we should have a careful plan for life, the plan has to be one that is made out of one's volition. There is no easy answer to this issue, but it is definitely important to plan ahead of time whenever one can. 

