I strongly agree that a good future for oneself is to plan carefully while still young, but it is more important to take action to carry out your plan, otherwise you are doomed to failure. 

When I was young, I was told by my parents to write a resolution at the start of every year. They wanted me to write down what I should do in the coming new year, how I could fulfil them, and what I could do to make them more realizable. They said this plan was serving as a guide to whatever you wanted to achieve in the year, and this plan would make you more organized. My parents did the same thing and they made even more concise resolution every year. What I found was that, although they did not succeed in everything they listed in the resolution, they led a more organized and orderly life and they felt very happy when they  were carrying out every plan. Almost everyday they seemed to know what they would do and they looked energetic. 

In fact, I did not conform to their expectation. Maybe because I was young, for the plans I made, I did not do as what I laid out in my plan. Now I realized how important it was to follow your plan and strictly force yourself to realize anything that you planned. For people like me, what we need is not only a plan --- which, I think, is so easy that everybody can do and, it seems, almost everybody acturally does --- but also your real action to fulfil them. Any attractive plan without action is only a dream that will not come true. I have learned so many lessons from it. At the beginning of 2000, which was the year when I would get my MA degree, I made a plan, very seriously, to prepare for the GRE and TOEFL test and apply to some US universities for admission to their PhD programs. This plan was tempting and if I worked hard, it was not an unrealizable plan. However, just because I did not have persistence and dedication, I took the two tests almost 4 years later, which meant that I spent almost 4 years in fulfilling this plan. What a waste. 

In conclusion, plan is important, but your real action to fulfil your plan is more important. This reminds me of two proverbs, one is 'no pain, no gain', and the other is 'time and tide wait for no man'. No matter how good your plan is, no matter how carefully you make the plan, and no matter how hard you try to plan your future, without action, it is only on your paper, and without action, you cannot fulfil your plan and what is in return is a waste of time. 