Planning, organizing, acting, and following up are the steps that affect our lives. With no doubt, planning is the key and the brain for running a project, a company, and a life. With planning, we can prepare ourselves for the procedures we are going to apply, the problems we are going to face, and the results we are going to get. For life, there are so many accidents happens every day, especially in young stage. Hence, parents care their kids so much for their future, and they will try to have some paln with their kids for their lives.

First of all, people, especially youth, need direction where to go, like drivers know where they are going to drive. Parents and teachers had experienced their young stage, so they understand giving directions to the teenagers are very important. There are so many incidents that side-track our focus in life. Hence, planning is essential for knowing where the goals are, and where we should stop for a while to think about the next tour. Planning gives us direction for the whole life, even something that we do not expect happens, we still can get back to the track, and continue our tours. Youth may go into wrong track if they do not have a direction plan for their lives. They do not know what they can do, and what they should not do. Planning is very important for the youth.

On the other hand, planning allows us to forecast the problems that we are going to face in our life tours. Problems and accidents are unavoidable, but we can prepare ourselves for facing them. Planning in young can take advantages of avoiding serious problems in our future. We need to prepare the corrective actions for the problems that we may face. Youth always feel lost when they face the problems because of lacking experience. Parents and teachers play very important role in helping the youth to plan their future.

Life acts only once. We need to carefully plan our future in the young. Accidents and problems attacks us everyday. Without planing, people feel lost; without planning, people do not know where to go and what to do. Planning is extremely significant, especially for the youth. Planning can also help us avoid problems that destroy our future. Good future is not about refusing problems, but it is about a life with good plan.
