Planning future is important but not necessary only when people are young. In fact, it is never too late to start planning the future.

One thing is clear. Carefully and well-orgnized career planning is quite important. Career plan is just liek a life guide which can help you go toward a direction, although there may be some obstacle during the journey. In many sitation, the work we are doing should be consistent. On the other hand, however, they may take a relatively long period of time. During this period, many unpredictable things may happen. This does not mean planning before start is not important. Actually, we should count these kinds of "branches" in our plans. Sometimes, we even revise our plans and make them more appropriate for changing enviroment.

One may ask that "is it too late if I wasted too much time when I am young and did not set up a clear life goal?" My answer to this question is two-edges.

First of all, for young people, set up your goals as early as possible but not make a harsh decision. All plan should be built in a careful way. Researches should be taken, examples should be followed, especially the suggestion made by parents. It is just because youngests do not have enough social experience, they judgement might be short-sighted or even a little bias. Therefore, proper help from other sourses is reasonable.

Secondly, for those people who have not set up clear goal when they are young, start now! Our life is not a single performace. It is combined by different plays. You can start at any time and make your life in the future more grateful. Do not blame yourself too much on what you have screwed up in the past; look at the bright future; you can make yourself a totally different looking from what you were. There are too many examples to prove that people can change their lives. Many professors changes their research interests and then become successful. Some housewives make interesting inventions in their everyday lives and start to plan a new and promising career. Disorgnized plan might be harmful. A extreme situation might be that some youngests break the law and are sent into prison. But some of them still achieve admirable success after they finish their punishment. They do not carfully plan when they are young but they make changes when they realize and eventually change their life tracks.

I have to say that plan everything cannot secure your success. If you only a good planner but not a consistent executor. You might not go toward the direction that you set up. Therefore, compared with planning careers, insistence is also important.

In a word, planning your future as well as insistence are both important. It is never to late to start planning and once you make your choice, believe yourself and insist on achieving your goal while make appropirate changes when the situation requires.
