Sometimes it is not easy to agree or disagree completely with a certain statement, as it is a lot more complex than it seems. 

It is important to define all aspects of the statement in order to decide whether to agree or disagree. 

What is a good future? Is it financially safe life, is it happiness of our children or  our personal psychological state? The answer to this question will be very subjective. A good future for me is the future, when I do not regret my past, when I realize that I have done everything I could to pursue my dreams and my goals. When I think of my future I automatically think of my future family and children. There is so much that I have to pass on to the future generations, that is why the yound age is the time to acquire knowledge, experience, wisdom; it is a time to think of the  proceeding years. 

Perhaps, the only word I would disagree with is "plan" - my understanding of this word has a negative hint. Most likely it is because it makes me think of a very old Russian proverb: "People plan, God decides". I suppose people will never be able to find out if they really are the ones who are planning their lives or are there other forces involved in this process: God, universe, destiny.  
I believe it is essential to learn while you are young, it is vital to meet people, to gain knowledge, to absorb all aspects of life fully. 

I believe that everything is connected in our life, our past influences our future. Our past is the only base for our future. Therefore if we want to ensure ourselves good future we have to work hard here and now. I will make it clear once again that the work that I think is most important is not the work that ensures our financially secure future, but the work of mind, the work on the path to enlightment. 
 
It is difficult to plan future, we are not the only ones who will influence it, but I suppose that it is necessary to learn while we are young.

I believe that I would agree to the statement completely if it sounded this way: The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to learn while you are young.  
