Life is full of surprises.  Now matter how much one plans, the course of life will inevitably change with each decision one makes.  Therefore, it is impossible to ensure a good future, even if everything is carefully planned out at a young age.

I have met many people who as a child "knew" that they would grow up to be a teacher or a doctor, or a Major League Baseball star.  In fact, I was one of them.  When I was young, I wanted to be a teacher because my teachers had made such difference in my life.  Teaching was the only career I knew about besides working in a factory, but I knew that I never wanted to do that.  My father, older brother, and older sister had to work in factories when we came to America, but they didn't do it out of want.  Rather, it was done out of necessity.  My point is, when I was little, I wanted to be a teacher.  However, now that I'm older, I do not wish to teach anymore.  I don't even want to think about what it would be like to spend all day with a bunch of hyperactive kids.  Plans change.  It is all part of a bigger process that we call life.

Today, college students often change their majors three or four times during the course of their college years.  Even older people already in the work field will change their career a few times because new jobs open up and interests change.  Life cannot be prepared for so early in advance because people change, and what matters to them changes as well.  Planning may give a person a little bit more of an edge to think in advance of what they might be interested in, but it will in no way ensure that a good future lies ahead for them.

The truth is, unexpected events come up.  Last week, two people from my high school were in a car accident.  They were hit by a drunk driver, and the boy was killed on the spot.  What future is left for him?  The passenger, a girl who had been on the tennis team with me, is in critical condition, and doctors were not sure if she would get well again.  Before the accident, the girl had a bright future in store.  She had a major role in a theater production that won first place at the state competition, she had lots of friends, and she did pretty well in school.  She was going places.  But now she is sitting in a hospital bed, and the people around her are getting excited that she is able to move her fingers.  Obviously she didn't do anything wrong, but why is her life now so complicated?  She did not plan to get in the car accident, but in reality, life takes so many twists and turns that it does not always go according to plan.

Thus, it is impossible to ensure a good future.  People can plan all they want, but things come up that will steer them in a different direction from their original path.  Whether they want to follow the new route or not is sometimes a matter of choice, but sometimes it is not.  It might not be a bad idea to have a plan for one's life, but one should not depend on it because inevitably, it will change, and it cannot guarantee a good future.
