So, here is the plan. When you are studying in high school, there are always classes, where you have to write papers about who do you want to be in the future or what do you what ot do in th furture. Usually, in those papers, we write about our dreams , and everything seems so easy and perfect for us to do whatever we want. But as soon as we leave the school behind, and step into a real world, we realize that everything that we thought before is not necesserely true, and it is not so easy to achieve everything you once wanted. And that is the time when you start thinking about how you are going to make all you dreams come true? So, where do you start? Exactly, you start from your plan.

I think planning is one of the best ways for you to organize you future and your present, because a man without a plan , or at least a goal in his life, is going to be wondering around for a long time, not knowing what to do and knocking his head on differents doors, not always the right ones. However, if you have planned to to something and you put a goal ahead of you, I think , it is already half of all your accomplishments. You already know what do you want, now the only thing you need to do is to plan how to reach that goal. 

When you first come to college, your excitement usually overfills you. But it is a good thing if you do not loose your head and try to organize everyhting that you want to do. IF you decided to take most of your classes in the first two years and the last two to dedicate to your job and something related to your future carrier - that's great! Infact, that is what many student do, who are determined to make all their wishes come true. They made a plan and follow it without doubt, and it is very important. Planning gives you extra confidence in yourself, you know that you can do it, bacause you have planned it already.

After you graduate you already have some experience of working or may be even have a job  in a field that you have always wanted to. Dont forget that just having a job is not enough, you have to think and plan about rising in that job. If you already have some ideas about you future , you should plan them all so everytime you have done something , you would know the next step. 

I think you can not say that it is possible to plan everyhting. Our lives are full of surprises and sometimes something enxpected may happen. This shoud not bring you down, you should always try to stay on the right track, stick to your plan in other words. This way your life will be in your hands, not in the hands of fate.
