I remember that I have answered this quetsion when taking the TOEFL test last year, but I am happy to write about it again.

I agree with the statement for the following two reasons: First, nowadays, it becomes more and more difficult to enter a professional career; and second, it is important to consider career decisions early on to ensure that one choses the right career path. I will first elaborate on the first reason and then move on to the second one.

As we are all aware, the market for professional careers is tight and, at times, considered cruel. In adacademics, for example, job openings usually receive three to fivehundred applications, from which only a few are selected for further interviews. And among those highly qualified pre-selected candidates, only one will get the position. Therfore, it is essenatial to work on a resume, or academic vitae, early on to have the most to offer when it comes to career applications at a later point in time.

Regarding the second reason, I have met some people who are unhappy with their jobs, because they are either not challenged enough, or they have no interest in what they are doing. When asked why they have chosen this path, they mostly answer something similar to "there just wasn't anything else at that time". I believe that if one had carefully planned these major decisions, this unsatisfaction could have been avoided to some extent. 

All that said, I still understand that it is difficult (and in some circumstances impossible) to plan for "a good future" (I have put this in parentheses because I did not provide a definition of what I understand under "a good future"). My own career is the best example to support this statement. I began my univeristy studies in Germany, studying health sciences and English literature. I then studied abroad and entered into a completely new academic field, that is applied linguistics. I discontinued my studies in Germany and pursued my new interest in second language studies. From that point, I started to plan my career more carefully (to avoid any "subject changes"), and I am now studying towards my PhD degree. As I am aware of the tight jobmarket, I am working every day to make the best out of my time, I plan carefully for a bright future.

