There are many opportunies to plan for our future and there is a certain time to plan for successful future in our long life. Some people say that time could not be a problem. On the contrary, some poeple believe that
only you are young, it's better to plan for future. In this manner, I strongly believe that the best way to ensure for a successful future is to plan while a person is still young. 
     
First, planning for future while young earns time although a person changes routes. If a person makes bunch of trial and errors while young, it is no problem to fix the way whenever he or she tries something new or the others. For example, my sister became a nurse when she was thirty years old. Compared to other brand-new nurses in mid twenties, she made her dream quite later than them. After she graduated from highschool, she didn't want to go to university. She spent almost of her twenties while doing hundreds of part-time jobs. Luckily, when she worked at a hospital as a nurse assistant, she found that her interst was in helping uncomfortable and ill people. Finally, she entered a nursing schooling and came ture her dream. If she were old, she could not study and find her job. 

Secondly, physical problem can be one of the good reasons. As everybody awares, people getting older and it is hard to do something actively when a person is old. For instance, in Korea, most of the baseball players are in twenties or early thrities. When looking their interviews, they decided to became a famous baseball players while they were in jounior-high school. They spent endless of time to practice play while young and came true their dream still while young. In addition, there are some jobs that only a person who has strong body condition can make it. If the baseball players were old, then they would not approach to their dreams.    

All in all, I strongly believe that it is the best to plan for a future while a person is young. It saves time to change routes and it allows a person to actively involve in his or her future. As the old saying, "Boys! be ambitious", the more young, the better to plan for a future. 
