 Plan Ahead and Have a Prosperous Life

At the heart of current plans offered to parents for ensuring the future of their children is education savings or loans. It is not uncommon to witness parents save 20 bucks every month immediately after the birth of their children. It is definitly a genious attempt to plan one's future even at the early ages.

Following the example of parents concerns about their children, it is an obvious fact that people are in a rush to get a better role in the play so called 'life'.  Themain concern involved is unsurprisingly "how much money one makes". If we assume that people have the chance to choose their roles on life, there is no doubt that everyone will volunteer for the role "handsome man/woman with a respected career along with a beatiful house near the seaside and a brilliant car", while no one will pick up the role "the person who have just enough to survive and work 18 hours a day earning 5 dollars per hour, living with his/her 10 other friends in a cosy apartment". The bitter fact is that everyone will have a role either willingly or assigned, eventually no roles will be left untaken.

Although the picture drawn above seems rather depressing, it is not true that the decisions are not under the control of individuals. Depending on the consciousness one has regarding his/her future along with career plans and what time he/she gains this awareness, one has a total control on his/her future life. This fact makes the argument much more relevant. Gaining an awareness when one is young is the best investment one can make during a life time. That is to say, studying a respested major brings much more benefit to a person than having a house in Florida with Mortgage loans.  

Therefore, people are paying more and more attention to their education when they are young. Education is considered to be the key to success in life and doubtlessly brings numerous opportunities including a beter job, more flexible work hours more time and money to spend with the loved ones. In order to use make use if the opportunities offered, one has to be quick and do his/her best to be indispensible for a position. To illustrate, a well-educated computer programmer who started sorjing with computers while he is a teenager will have much more exprience and increase his/her chances to be emplyed when he/she is in his/her mid twenties. 

To conclude, opportunities in life are offered once, and once ignored or neglected it might be too late to go back. That's why people should have consciousness about their future when they are young and do their best to ensure their future.  
