Planning for future is a necessary action for everyone who want to succeed in this life. So I quite agree with the statement " the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young". In my opinion, I have two big plans in my life. The first one is my career and the other one is my family. In terms of my carreer, I wish I could have a good job with reasonable salary in a governmental organization, because I got a scholarship from the government, I have responsibility to serve for my home land. However, in oder to do my good job in the future I understand that I need to finish my master degree in America, and then I will continue with Ph.D degree to complete my study process. I chose working in the governmental organization because being a politician was my dream since I was very young. In addition, although it is sure that working for state government my salary is not high in compared with working in other companies in my own country, I chose it because I love it. To sum up, I decided to choose the political career because it is suitable for my major in administration and also is my ambition. 

With regards to my family, I will get married when I am 27 years old. In other words, when I finish my master degree in Michigan State university, I will go back to my homeland and get married to the person I love and we will have a little family with cute children. Although extended family in my country is quite familiar, I preferred to living in the world of nuclear family where there are only my husband and me and my children. At that time, we will have more time for privacy and we don't care about other family members complain about us. Moreover, living in a nuclear family  we will be independent in everything and we can do anything we like. In particular, my husband and I will buy a house in the city center where I live because it is convenient for our work. Besides my work I will spend most of the time taing care of my family because one of the most important thing to a woman is her family I believe. Then, we will travel around the world on holidays to enjoy our life. To me, I am happy when I go anywhere with my darling. All in all, planning for future is a way that we are putting the first step in the process of building a sucessful and happy life int he future. 
