The statement seems true when you take an example of young athletes or musicians who achieved so much in their youth. However, it may not always be the case. It becomes more clear if you look at the case of tremendously successful people who started their career in the different field.  
     
For example, Bill Gates who is considered to be the most successful person on earth is a college drop-out. I believe he did not plan his life thouroughly when he was young. If he did, he would have figured out what he wanted to do and chose the college that would suit best for him and advanced to the higher education. Instead, he tried to figure out what he really wanted to do until he entered a college and shifted his direction of his life and he became the one of the most successful human being in the world. 
     
In addition, there are people who find out that the way they planned for their life when they were young was not what they really wanted. I recently watched a TV show based on a real story. It was about a child star who starred in several incredibly successful movies. He was very much determined to be a movie star and did everything he could do to achieve what he wanted. After featuring in several movies and tasting the glamorous life of a star, he decided to go back to school and lead a simple life. He is now living in a big farm taking care of animals. He said that he realized the dream he had when he was young was not actually what he wanted and could not be mor satisfied about his life that he has now.  
    
Also, if the statements is true, that means people who could not find their dreams or goals would not have a chance to be successful. I think if you know what you want to do for the rest of your life when you are young, you are one of the blessed one. A lot of people wonder because they do not know where their heart lie. Some people even never figure out what they really want. I, myself can is one of those who did not know what I really desire. When I went to university, I still did not know what I really want, therefore, I chose commerce becuase it is usally considered to be the major that opens to a lot of job opportunities. I became a oversea marketer and worked for two years but I realized that was not for me and I changed my career after a thourough consideration. I cannot be more happy with my choice now. 
     
There is always a second chacne to everybody. When you close one door you will always get a new door and when you open that door, it will never be a blocked wall. You will find a whole different world in front of you. It is never late to change and plan your life. Therefore, I do not believe that you need to plan your life when you are young to be successful.   
