As any reasonable person would do, I neither completely agree, nor fully disagree with the statement "The best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young".

While it is clearly a very helpful habit, for any person, to plan ahead of time, there would be all sorts variables involved depending on each individual: How young should we start planning? How much ahead of time should we do it? This is the best way, among which other options, for which kind of individual?

It also doesn't help that the statement is made very vaguely. At any given moment of our life, we're still young compared to our future selves. If we were to take our statement at face value, wouldn't we need to be obsessively planning for our future every day?

My life experience so far tells me that, while it is definitely valuable to shape a strong foundation for your future profession starting from early school years, most children and adolescents would be too inexperienced and uncertain about what future days might bring to "linearly" plan  their lives ahead. Instead, it might be a better idea to try and incorporate flexibility in one's life, to provide resources related to different challenges in the days to be lived.

In a sense, this would be the meaning I would like to incorporate into the word "plan" in the phrase we have; "Expect the unexpected". Teenagers, by definition, live lives of fluctuation, and unpredictability. Therefore, internally driven serious planning would be a high priority for them until the college years, or if they develop early in this aspect, late high-school years.

Careful planning, as a daily life, would start creeping in during this time, as they start thinking more and more about their future professions and life choices. In my humble opinion, the best advice to provide them with, at this stage, would go as follows:

List the things you want to achieve for your future. Be realistic. Then connect them with the other achievements to move form one to another. Once this is done, focus on the area that has the most things you both want to do, and need to do. Plan to live your life in it, but expect the unexpected, and try not to predict the unpredictable.
