Planning your future is such an interesting yet responsible step you take. Responsible??? Maybe it depends. Future is never predictable, and you may have excellent plans for future , but things change and you are never guaranteed  to have what you wanted. On the other hand, living without plans, not having  a clear vision of where you going is anotehr way of confusement. So, most of us set up goals and  work future plans. Some begin at young age, some do it later in their lives after figuring out what they truly want to do. No matter what, planning your future earllier in your life is very important, and at least to keep you insired and motivated.

Plans are not really strict. You may plan your future when you are young, and during the lifetime you may change  them depending on your personal changes, changes in the circumstances and more like that.
 There are some people, who define what they want to doa nd how they wnat to do it and for work that. They might be pretty confident about their goals, however, at some point they can find out their true passion and taste for life. Therefore their plans may suddenly change in totally different direction

We people, tend to dream from younger ages and imagine our future. For many people thinking about future  and planning  a good one is a way of overcoming their current problems. It is very effective phycological tool, to make oneself go on no matter how harsh is lfe. It gives hope and motivation to go on. It might be a self s delusion; however, without promise of bright future it is very hard to live.

I call this very interesting- planning your future. The reason is that, today is a future if we look from "yesterday" s prespective. And it is the past from tomorrow's point of view. But we do not  always realize  that today is the time we have been waiting for , making plans and dreaming about. We do not always realize  how we are approaching the future. We get to that "future" point and we look ahead again to see more future. 


" Just tell me how to live my life and I will do it"- that is what i hear frequently from people. They either do not know how to plan and live their lives, or tired of doing so.  What i say is, just keep your dreams and keep working towards them no matter what the circumstances are, as long as you truly want to get them. But be felxible and be ready to changes. That is the best startegy that works for me.
 
Setting up goals and plans for future at the  earlier stage of your life  does not nessesarily gurantee you to live your life  the same way you wanted; however there is still an option to do so and you need to keep going and getting motivated from our plans.
 
