Being the economist, I probably like nobody else understand the importance of planning and safe future for the well-being of both individuals and  the whole countries. At the same time, having quite substantial experience of living in different countries, cultural systems, among very diversified people, I would definitely say that there should be some golden middle in carefullness and exactness of our lives. Undoubtedly, one can easily come up with examples both pro and against planning your life.

Planning carefully when you are still young will definitely improve your well-being in the future. Indeed, the economies of all developed countries, all decisions of multinational firm's CEO's are based on a carefull several decades ahead planning of firm or country development. Today's decision to spend some money or to slack instead of working will lead to less funds in the future, and thus can prohibit further development. The same logic goes with the individuals. Planning first your profession, getting your education, then saving for a house, car, then saving for pension period - all these measures may lead not only to smoothing your consumption and keeping a lifelong stable welfare level, but also they can increase your wealth and lifelevel due to activity of banking system and investment funds. In the end, anyone busy enough in his or her life knows one simple true: if in the evening you do not make your plans for tomorrow, then you will not do anything tomorrow.

At the same time, the nature of the human being seem to oppose to planning and restricting yourself. People tend to spend a lot of money, slack instead working, eat unhealthy but tasty food, etc. Noone would probably agree, that this is the way we all should live. But I believe, that there should be some golden middle in the way your life is planned. When I lived in Germany, one of my peers in university offered me to go and drink beer with him. I said yes, asked at what time. And he told me that he will book the table two weeks ahead... This is definitely not the way of life I want to spend... Human beings, in my opinion, need to have a freedom. Otherwise we turn into robots. We need to have a discretion as for where to go out this evening, or what to dress for the classes. We need to buy flowers for our beloved ones, or to sing the unplanned song under their balcony. So we do not have to turn our life into number of notes in our dairy or reminders in our cell phone...

My conclusion is - plan your life trends. Do it as early as possible, when you are getting sure of what you want to do in your life. But leave some freedom to spin around the trend, and do not punish yourself for small diversions.
