It is not easy question to answer.  I don't know how to answer this question at this moment in my life. I think it depends on the situation. 
When I was young, I thought it was very important to plan carfully while you were still young. I was a very good child and I followed whatever my parents planned for me. I was told that was the best that they prepared for me and I believe it. Actually things went very well and it seemed to be so right  till the tragedy came twards me. I was an excellent student at school while I was at school. I went to a nice university and it made my parents very proud of me. After graduation, I married a man who was very successful. Everything I dreamed and planned when I was young became true in my life. 

However, after my husband's sudden death from car accident, things tumbled down. I have had hard times for many years to overcome. I still have some. I found out that things didn't follow the way you planned even though you had the most wonderful plan for your life and tried very hard to make your dream come true. There were so many questions came up such as 'What if I struggled to find a better way to live? Could it be an immunization shot and make me stronger?  Was it good not to experience something unexpected or unplanned? How can we judge one person's life? Sometimes failure or bad things happened in your life make you grow. Those harshness in your life gives you deeper perspectives on things surrounding you. It is just like a light and a shadow. If we have only a light, it must be very bright, but we might not have dimensional view. We need to have a shadow to get dimensional view. If all the things arround us is just flat and plain, it would be bored. Of course not being bored is not what we have to persue. 

The thing I want to say is that sometimes it is important to have pre-plans while you are young. However, it is not everything. Sometimes, it is not bad to do things without any plans. We can learn from that. 

The most important thing is not a nice plan. It is how you see your life and how you accept things. We cannot have everything we planned. Whatever happen to us, we need to open our hearts, try to learn something from it and not to hesitate to grow. 
