Nowadays, the competition in the world is becoming more and more severely. People who are willing to be successful always want to plan their life, career and time carefully. I partly agree with the statement. But I also think people should not act exactly as their plan.  There are mainly two reasons which lead to my conclusion.

One one hand, if people have the plan, they can know exactly what their goals are, and can move forward according to their goals. For the world is developing at a very fast rate, everything is changing very rapid. So does the chance for people to make progress. If they lose the chance, they may never get another same opportunity to be success. So they need to plan before the chance come. If they have the plan they can figure out what is their life goal, do what they want according to their goal step by step, but not in a rush. Without a careful plan, no one can ensure they could grab the chance. If they plan carefully when they are young, at least they are more possible to be successful.

On the other hand, there are always something happening not according to people's plan, so young people do not have to plan everything carefully in their life. Life is amazing for the unexpected things. An appropriate instance is that Xun Lu, a famous Chinese writer of last century. When he was young, he wanted to be a doctor to help people. So he planed carefully to pursue a doctor degree, and then went to Japan to finish his plan. But he found that even if he can help people in the physical aspect, he could not help them to change the psychological aspect which is much more important in deciding people's life. So suddenly, he dropped his degree, and changed to be writer. After that, he was very famous in China for his articles. 

In conclusion, I think the statement is correct in some aspects. However, it is not always true. Sometimes, people do not need to plan too carefully, they can change their goal according to the unexpected events in their life.
