First of all, I agree this statement-be carefully plan a good future when I am still young. Besides to think about a perfect job,salary and family, I think to get an bascially safe and happy future is required to consider as ealier as possible. Since the happiness and safty of future is bascially build on how well do I plan for my future. The plan is an essential part of the future because it does mean that how my dream will contrue and how can I make it. 

I would say a carefully plan is so helpful to prevent everything which is going to vary or change during my lifetime.  For example, if I hope to get retire when I am fifty-five years old and I want to have enough retiring money to spend in last of my life. Because of this purpose, I have to start invest my money and maybe work harder to fullfill my plan- get retire in thirty five years later. In order to get enough investment before retirement, if I can start invest earlier, I will get more return/interest during the thirty-five years. In other words, I would have to invest less of my money per year since the interest will cover some of remaining. 
The whole point is that if I could well-plan how many years that I am going to retire, so that I will know how much money I need to spend on investment and how far to get to retirement ,,,and so on. 

Different from the investment example, family would be my other example. A good plan will give me a some what general idea of marriage age, children number and what kind of family I am going to build. Family is so important for everyone and everyone can not live without family. I strongly support the idea of planning  carefully will help me to build much wonderful family. If I would go for my plan, I will pay mopre attention on what age should I get married and what age should our family have child. This planning takes advantages because I would give my children a more safty and environment for  him/she to grow. This child will have enough money to study, live ,,and so on since parents well-plan the family. 

Those examples such as building my family and getting a wee lives after retiring are my support for the statement.    
