There are a lot of ways to ensure a good future. Some people think that you should plan carefully while you are still young; others think that you can receiver much more information or have more experience and then you can plan your future completely.

In my point of view, i do not agree with that the best way to ensure a good future for myself is to plan carefully whily i am still young. There are some reasons. First of all, i think when people are young, the knowledge and experience which they receive are not enough. They can not understand the social trend and they even do not what  this world looks like. The knowledge which they receive from school or family is not deep or real enough. Secondly, people will face a lot of differnt difficults or experiences during their growth life. These will change people's minds and thoughts and furthermore, they may change their future plan. Some experience may lead them to know their advantages and some difficults may let them know their weekness. These will provide people a new thinking way.
Finally, i think when people are young. They easily influenced by others and accept others' opinion. They may lack indenpently thinking. However, a good future plan is very important and it is about our future. Therefore, i think we should  not take too much information from others because we know ourselves the most. Nobody can substitude.

Take me for an example, when i was a junior high and senior high school student. I studied engerneer, chemistry, psychology and biology. At that time, i want to be a engerneer or a syphology doctor. However, after taking college enter examination, i totally change my life. I studied business, statistics, economy, accounting and marketing. It's a totally differnt field from my senior high school. At that time i decide to be a manager in the future. However, i study Public Relations now which is under communication field. Therefore, it's another different chance. In sum, for me i change my future at different phase.

Although it's very good if you have a dream when you are young. But few people can really follow the goal which they establish when you are young. There are a lot of real factors which will affect you on your life way. Therefore, we should have a flexible future plan. We can change it all the time that it can adapt at this changable society.

