People always like to make a delicate plan to ensure their futures. And always, parents, especially in China or some Asian countries, would like to educate their little children to learn to make plans for whatever they do in their daily life. However, I do not agree witht the statement to some degree, as discussed as follows.

   First of all, I think no one can predict what would happen tomorrow. There are too many unpredictable things happening everyday, and people can not keep their mind with the pace of things all the time. Especially, those emergent things would drive people to crazy to handle them. So, plan may not help people to design their future well. As far as I know, most Chinese parents like to make plan carefully for their children, even though they have not given birth to them. Parents usually hope their children to become successful people, no matter how success is defined or what their children's interests are. It would be quite dangerous and harmful for the younger generation, for there are so limited so-called successful careers in the society, and not everyone could become the successful people according to the other people's opinions and understanding towards success. Therefore, I argue that careful plan is likely to restrict the development of the younger people, which would possibly limit their imagination, intelligence and creativity.
 
   Secondly, careful plan would probably impede matters around developing towards a relatively correct direction. Considering human being's desire and greed, I think everyone has their own favorable outcome towards the same matter. Everybody would like to lead the matter towards the favorable outcomes in his mind, in which condition, plans would conflict with each other, and disagreement, dispute even fight would happen subsequently. If it is the case, favorable results would become unfavorable outcomes, which are disastrous for all the people. So, unordinately careful plan would stop the matter developing and envolving forward to a natural and spontaneous direction, but to a man-made, articulated results. 

    However, what I wrote above does not mean that we do not plan absolutely. We need plan,  not for having a bright future, but for making our life more regular and helping us to reach the future life goal. I should address that without plan, we would live a mess life, hasten to do everything, and finally burn out. Plan can assist us to arrange time, distribute time to different tasks, and figure out what are significant and what are trivial. 

   A right-oriented plan is like a experienced teacher, who knows how to educate the students to utilize time, and to be rational to do everything. Meanwhile, it also give some freedom to the students, to fully develop their creativity and intelligence, rather than limits them in a pre-set circle, and hinder their activities. Usually, people would like to handle all the things they meet everyday. However, human power is far from universal, it is limited. Thus, confessing our weakness, and giving everything freedom to evolve would be a better way for our life. 
