Many people start planning for their children's future when these are still in the crib. It may be a good investment of one's time to start planning for one's career and goals in life from a tender age, yet individuals evolve through time and space and trying to pursue the dreams beheld as a child may not work.

Sometimes, planning for one's future at a young age proves important. People have, hence, better defined goals in life, a clear path they want to cross and a better vision of the process they will adopt to reach their aims. However, there are more things to planning while young than we might expect.

When still young, people usually have dreams and aspirations that are not realized due to various challenges. Children dream of being astronautes, knights and adventurers, but when they grow up, they start seeing the world differently. 

- The social or economic situation in which we are in may constitute an obstacle to what we want to achieve. Not everyone has the means to fulfil their dreams and aspirations. Some might find it difficult with age to access some institutions, jobs, and so on.

- Personal skill also plays an important role in whether the future planned early in one's life can be achieved or not.

Again, planning one's future while young may be helpful in that one has ample time to know where one is heading; nevertheless, people are conditioned to the many situations they find themselves in in life. People, indeed, change and evolve as social beings. They adapt to new contexts and cultures whether at home or abroad, they meet new people, and they chaneg their minds about what is and what is not good for them.

In general, life is a learning process and individuals' plans change along the way. The older we get, the more we either confim or reject what we had planned previously in life. This is not to say that planning early is futile, but it may not be that important as individuals are affected by external as well as internal factors that force them to adapt, change, or remain the same.

