When I was very young, my parents often told me that I have to begin to think about my future. What am I going to do to earn a living? Or what am I going to be to survive in this complex society? I believe this is true that we all should to start to plan carefully for our future as early as possible because planning your future earlier can allow you to have more time choosing your life career, to start to participate in   what you like earlier and accumulate experience, as well as to resort to as many people as you can.
    
The first reason that you should start earlier is because you can have more time to choose what to be in the future. One of my friends who's studying in the US have a clear mind knowing what to do in the future because American children are told to do that much earlier than those children in Asia. Therefore, my friend has started to try different industries long before he entered in the university. He now has made up his mind to be a biologist after he had part time job in a dental clinic, a fast food restaurant, and an English cram school. 
    
Secondly, if you can begin your future planning earlier, you can begin to accumulate your experience in that specific area. Take my friend mentioned previously as an example. After making up his mind to be a biologist as a life time job, he started to intern in several medical biology firms and applied to be a graduate assistant in relevant class. So far, he can already present his future employer with a rich and colorful resume.
    
Finally, if you can start to think about your future in your childhood, you will know with whom you should acquaint and read more related reference books. My friend tries hard to read books written by outstanding biologists and grabs the chance to meet them if he had. Besides, he will try to get those people's contact information and have a conversation with them to know more about the biological world. Because he knows what to do quite earlier, he has a backup list of people he can ask questions for. 
    
To sum up, I agree with the statement that the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan it with caution as early as possible. If you start to ponder that in an early manner, you can have more time to choose what you want to be, you can start to add up experience in your resume, and you can also try to make friends with those you may think as a mentors for your career. Consequently, the earlier to start to plan your future, the better chance to hit the top in the industry you choose to be work in. 
