It is imperative to plan early in life if one wants to reap the benefits in the future. Planning, for that matter, is critical in every aspect of life. I have understood this early on in life. The biggest example that I have before me is my mother, who is meticulous in her planning. She knows exactly how and when to plan for things. The classic example of this is my coming to the U.S. 

About 10 years back, my brother expressed his desire to come to U.S. to pursue further education. At that time, India was opening up to 'study abroad' programs. It was quite a task to organize all the paper work and ensure that he complies with the formalities. It was also quite difficult to arrange for funds in a comparatively short notice. However, my mother was cognizant about the detailed planning and effort it took to send a child abroad to study.

She had a folder ready with all the paper work and details of the procedure. When I was ready to explore education in the U.S., I did not not have any issues. I knew exactly what I needed to do and when. We even joked that my mother should open up a consultancy firm to assist other students that want to go abroad to study.

I have seen many of my friends falter in this process. They either did not apply to enough Universities or did not process their papers on time. Sometimes, they delayed the visa process and sometimes were completely at sea about this task. Unfortunately, many of them have lost precious time and have had emotional issues to add to the misery.

I have reaped the benefits of my mother's thoughtfulness. She started saving money from the very next day that my brother left. Except for the GRE preparation, which I must add was an arduous task, everything else seemed to be a smooth ride. 

Having witnessed this at home, I believe for any task to be achieved successfully, it is critical that one plans methodically. And not just has one plan but a couple to fall back upon. My mother, herself, enjoys the early hard work that she has put in and is quite happily enjoying her life.

