Life is a searching process, and it is often up and down.  All the times people want to plan and pursue their goals of lives, but often times they end up with a complete different result.  That is the funny part of life, and I don't think it's a good idea to plan carefully in the hope to ensure a good future.

There is a trendy and amusing expression in Chinese, "plans are not faster to changes", which means things change and time will be different, even when you are still planning on your blueprint of your future.  It is an undoubted fact that there is always something unexpected in your life.   My grandfather once believed he would have become a doctor for the rest of his life when he was a student in the medical college.  However, in his sophomore year, the World War II broke out, and he was determined to join the army, and fight for freedom.  He ended up with an ordinary farmer, though with a nice wife, wife diligent sons, and a brilliant grandson.

I have another personal experience that actually made me eventually give up planning my future.  All the times when I was growing up, I saw my father running his business with his own factory.  I really believed business world was waiting for me when I grew up.  However, my mother forced me to go to a private Catholic high school where I actually got inspired in literature and English language.  I told myself I wanted to become a writer.  I read a lot of western and Chinese literature at that times, and I enjoyed them a lot.  However, in the crucial entrance exam to college, I failed the exam.  My life was in despair.  That was a society where college degree meant everything.  I was hopeless, and the only way for me to go was enter the army for the obligatory service for two years.  I once believe my life was totally screwed, because all those people in the army were losers in the real society.   Well, but maybe it was true when the God close you a door, He was opening another one for you.  In the army, to my biggest surprise, I met the critical person that lead me to an interesting change of life.  I learned how to deal with people I don't like, and I learned how to get my work, which was almost unreasonable, done efficiently.

So, how do you plan your future when the nature of life is so unpredictable?  No matter how young or how old you are, life is still full of changes and expectations.  For me, I really believe that to keep a faith on you mind, and when there is a will, there is a hope.  It might be helpful and inevitable to think about your life, but it is not a guarantee that life will come along with the time frame you plan.
