I would totally agree with this statement, as success in life is  mostly attributed to one's own plans and efforts although there is a little percentage of the people who just succeed in life for being at the right place at the right moment in the right time, but this percentage is too little as compared to the people who achieve their success by going through a logically devices and well thought out plan. 

Success in life comes by setting the goals and then perusing them vigorously. Successful people know that what is beneficial to their success and then they place all their focus on that. 

The journey of success starts at the young age, which is i would call a making or breaking stage. No matter what impediments come on the way its the time to struggle and get oneself on the path to successful future. This is for sure that there will be failures, hurts and disappointments en route, but this is the dedication and learning from these setbacks that successful people come out and raise to the highest levels. I would give the example of Abraham Lincoln here where his dedication and careful plan supported by his hard work rose him to the aisles of the success. 

Now coming over to the topic again, once you are still young, it is the time to set the path right and then stick to it. This is especially true for the environment in which we are living in today. There is so much diversity in the fields of knowledge that once has to be very careful, one in choosing and then in pursuing his goals. One has to take into account his temperament and bias for the field of selection and then efficiently sticking to it and struggling to the prime to attain it , this is how the success is achieved. I will quote the example of Bill Gates, his obsession with the science took him so far that the development in science and technology today have a homage and respect for his contributions. Look around and just see in how many applications his contributions can be found, he say it was his ambition and he is still working hard in his carved plan.

Concluding that i totally agree that its the young age when you make your decision and then carry it along to the success.

