Everyone has a future and everyone wants his future to be brilliant and successful. When to plan it carefully is a problem. Someone believe it is best to plan when you are mature and old enough but I think the best way to ensure a good future for oneself is to plan carefully while one is still young.

First, it is useful to have a goal when you are still young. I see many students with the same age with me who always believe that they are still too young to think about future even when they are in college. They have no goals in mind and they will no try his best to do the best thing for themselves. And I think everyone in USA has the same dream that he will be the president of USA one day. It is good although no everyone can be president and actually nearly everyone can't be president. When you are still young and plan carefully for a future, I believe you will lead others in a relative younger age.

Then, this doesn't mean you can't change the mind you planed before. Actually the world is changing very fast and our life is changing very much. But I think if you plan earlier, it is easy to change a little by a little. And also what you have learned and achieved is still there. I am a graduate student in USA and I might became a faculty in the future. I am in the flied of mechanical engineering. What I want to say here is that as a faculty you must change your direction of research nearly every five years. It doesn't matter that you change your direction a little. What does matter is how much potential you have in academic. You can change your plan for the future every time you think it is needed. 

Moreover, many great people set up their minds for the future when they are young. The best minister in China Enlai Zhou want to save all the people and the country when he was in high school. And later he liberated the country and became the prime minister of China PR. They had their dream in mind and would try their best to achieve it all the time. That benefit greatly for the future.

At last when one is young, people will and are glad to offer you help when one is planning and thinking about his way of future.  But when you are a little older, people think you should do it yourself totally. The advice from others is not the most important but it is quite important. Older people experience and know more about everything than you and they are willing to offer you help. 

One thing that you should pay attention to when planning for the future in a relative young age is that you should be realistic. Sometimes when one makes so high a goal for himself and it is almost impossible. And he become much upset and discouraged when he can't achieve that goal. So when plan for a good future, you should really be CAREFUL!

In a word, the best way to ensure a good future for oneself is to plan carefully while one is till young.
