Planning is the most important step and foundation towards to the success. Success is not about probability of luck, but how much you prepare and forecast the problems you may meet during your journey or life. Hence, completely agree with the statement that planning is the best way to ensure a good future when you are young.

Plan it before you act is the only method to minimize the errors and uncertainties. Thousands of examples, no matter in the business industry, medical industry or engineering industry, planning is very important. In  the business area, millions of dollars involve in the trade or transaction, a little mistake can destroy the business. In engineering, little error can damage the whole building. Same as the above cases, personal achievement will be only developed by careful planning.

Little errors can be understood and forgiven, but not signficant errors. When people is young, parents and teachers can forgive the mistakes that the children make. They will provide guidelines to the children that how to improve them and not to make the same mistakes again. However, when  people become older, stepping into society, mistakes may cause loss of business, even loss of life. Guiding from young stage can develop a map and value for the children to prevent commit crimes or mistakes in the future.

As a student, we do not have any experience about our future, but parents and mentors do. Mentors and parents are the people who is experiencing or who has already experienced the career or life journey. They made mistakes, some are minor, and some are unforgotable. They do not want to see us to make the same mistakes as they did. Mentors and parents should accompany with the students for their journey, and provide them some suggestions which can certainly help their future.

Planning is the very first step to take in a journey. Problems regonizing and forcasting can pre-develop a series of plan to prevent and deal with the uncertianties. Hence, it is a must to plan. Careful planning in the young stage is the way to prevent significant errors and step up a bright future. 
