Most of my life, I have been the type that plans everything in advance. The have always had a list of things that I want to accomplish for the next ten years. When I was in college, I already had the perfect life planned. It was nothing different than anyone else's dream life: get my master's degree with an exceptional thesis after completion of my undergraduate degree, find a great job (in the same city as where my boyfriend works, of course), get married, have a great career and a happy family, etc. We all know the story. 

I have just started my master's studies and everything was going as planned until I received a very good job offer from a famous Fortune 500 company. I was very happy and excited but at the same time I had no idea what to do because accepting my the offer required changing so perfectly planned life for the next five years. I had to leave graduate school not knowing if I would ever go back and complete a master's degree and move away from my long-term boyfriend. However, I would have a great start for my career. It was a very tough situation because I had never thought that anything could ever change my plans. I was so focused on achieving my personally set goals one by one. 

This experience taught me that planning your future carefully when you are young does not equal success. Success can come at any time of your life and it can also be taken away the same way it comes too. I learned that I should not take life so seriously. What happens if I do not have a master's degree by the time I'm 23? I can always go back and get it even when I am 40. As long as one keeps up the good work, the opportunities will always be there. 

Another great example for this situation would be the auto industry. I am an engineer and I have so many friends in my classes who chose the same field because their one and only goal was to work for the big three companies in the auto industry. By the time they graduated, their dream companies were not even hiring but cutting off jobs. Therefore, they had to entirely change their plans for future. 

I believe that the key for success is working hard and being open-minded. Plans may always get ruined by so many other factors, but hard work will always end up in success, one way or the other. 

