I don not quite agree with the statement, though I think careful planning is the correct way towards a good future.

First of all, when someone are still very young, he or she is even not sure about what kind of life is his or her dream. For example, in China, so many parents are eargly wishing their children a good future, as a result, they send their young children to all kinds of training under carefully planning, piano,   
balet, mathmetics, second language and so forth. Maybe, one day, their children do really become successful people as they expected, however, they do not enjoy their childhood, even worse, they gave up their really interest and do not enjoy their lives and do not think it is a good future for themselves.

Secondly, even some of people are know exactly what they are pursuing when they are very young. There are so many things out of control and will never be planed. When you are climbing a mountain, there are various roads towards the peak and each one having different beautiful sights.  It is quite possible that you planed carefully when you start your journal, carrying with your map but you still get lost because of the bad weather, such as thick fog. However, it is equallly possible that you will find another way on which there are more wonderful scense waiting for you, such as rainbow which is out of exception. There is similar situation in the future of your life.

However, planning is important for a good future. God just bless someone who has good preparing. If you never have any plan and waste your time all the time, you will not wish there is a good future in your destiny. We should always plan, and refine our plans properly time to time when we become more mature or when the environment is changing.     When we are still young, we should learn to plan, learn to understand ourself, what is our interests and what do we pursuing, when the situation is out of plan, we should not lose the hope but adjust our objectives. In addition, excuting  carefully is more effective than just planning for a good future. 

All in all, planning carefully when you are still young  is very important but far away from the best way to make sure a good future.  
