I am the only one who can control my own future, and who can decide what kind of life I should have in future. If I want to have a good future, the best way to do is to plan carefully while I am young. 

First, the finance issue is so important for my life. I did not think about this thing very well until I came to USA for my studies. As you know, for a poor student, it is so essential to arrange money every month. In case the rainy day, such as my car is broken down, I have to put some money in my saving account. But saving money is not the only thing to take care of my finance, I have to invest some money in the stock to produce more. Moreover, after my graduate I have to consider my retirement plan to ensure I have enough money to retire early. I can share my life very happily in next 30 years. 

Second, the career goal is also I should pay more attention to. As a child, our parent will very interested in what kind of job we will have in future. Then we are very careful to choose  the major in university because the different job market will decide the salary we have in future, which is determinate to our life quality. In further somebody will carefully plan to have a MBA, PhD or other higher level education. All these things will decide the realization of their career goal and good quality of your lives in future.

Third thing is about the family consideration. When we are young, we face the balance between family and the career, such as when we can have children, and whether we will be housewives or superwomen for our job. Everything should be thought about very carefully because the period you can be mother and be superwomen always conflicts, such as both are between 30 to 40 year old. If you miss the time, you will not have the babies or can not catch the career track.

All in all, if you want good life in future, it is necessary to consider it when you are young. If you don not arrange it very well, you will be regretful when you recall your whole life as an senior people.

