My future is uncertain because I am still young. But I do have a good dream of my future, which is combine with love, success, responsibility of my life.

First of all, I would like to have a good career. I am doing chemistry now and I wish I could be one of the best chemist in the world. However, the best thing I love to do is to start a company with the scientific result that I make to start a company. Owning a company can make me feel good about myself and can secure my family securely. Also, by owning a company I can provide job opportunity for many people. 

Then, I would like to have my own family. I love my girlfriend very much. And I wish I could live with her forever and ever. We will be married and we will be the most happiest family in the world.  We will have children, I hope it is one son and one   daughter. We will give them a good environment to grow up. It is one of the happiest thing in the world.

I would take care of my parents just as they did to me before. I know it is not easy for them to bring us three children up. Even during the hardest time of my family, my parents always showed patience and love to us children. Now it is time for me to help them. I will provide them a comfortable house to live in. If they like, I would love them to live with me, or they can choose their own way to live in the countryside. I will also keep a good relationship with my two brothers. They help me a lot and we are brothers and friends. I will help them as best as I can.

Later on, I would like to do something for my hometown. It is still not developed. I will try my best to help the economy development of the local town. 

The last thing I plan to do is when I am old, I want to start to write some books about myself and about the world I know. I do wish I can leave something when I am saying goodbye to this world.

Ok, that is my future plan. Though it sounds like kind of not so much with ambition, to me it is just perfect. I will try my best and keep my direction to work for my future.
