Recent years witness a growing competition in the job market. No one is ensured of a good future unless he/she can plan carefully beforehand. By beforehand, I mean as early as possible.

The reason underlying my philosophy is first that plan ahead even when you are still young helps you to create a more clear picture of yourself. Most people always have this kind of regret that if they can know themselves well earlier, they will not lose that great opportunity just in front of them. This is because with a better knowledge of yourself, you are more likely to be determined in making decision. You are aware of what benefits you in the long run and what loss does not matter in your whole life plan. Hence, do not wait for the destiny to decide your future. Plan in advance, and the choice is right in your hand.

Of equal importance is that plan carefully while you are still young can give you sufficient time to develop your qualification. If you are that kind of person who will wait until the last minute to make yourself competent for the incoming task, you would find all the cramming turns out to be not that handy as you had imaged. The reason is that you do not give enough time to incorporate these knowledge into your real competence. You may be able to recall the spelling of one single word in the test if you happen to see it just before the exam. However, when it comes to the perspective of your entire life, things in most cases are not that easy. Given this in mind, it is advisable to try to plan early in order to allow you more time to fully develop yourself.

In the end, early plan can prepare you for the potential problems in building up your future. If you think those significant figures in any field is successful because they are born to be a well-know-all person, then I am afraid you are on the wrong track. Most of the successful people would like to attribute their achievement to a careful plan beforehand. If you are discouraged to find the truth that you are not an incredibly intelligent person, why not try to plan early so that you can still get feed.

To sum up, it is never too early to begin your plan even when you are still young. Rome was not built in a day, so does a bright future. Therefore, if you really value your own future, please plan before the final shot.
