People said that " the best way to ensure a good future for yourself is to plan carefully while you are still young."  In  my opinion, I do not agree with this point.  My reasons are the young people they do not have enough experiences to decide their life.  They need time and advise to explore their future life and make sure what is their gaol of life. 
     
First of all, I do not think the parents or the elders can decide anything for a young person.  In Taiwan, most parents thought they can let their children learn as many thing as they can.  They pay much tuition for their children to learn music, art, and all other subjects.  In my point of view, it is good opportunity to learn skills for young people but you did not give them a room to think about what they need and what they want to do.  Second, a young people do not have enough experiences and wisdom to understand the real world so that they hard to plan their future carefully.  Although plan your life since you are young is very important you need time to accumulate the useful information to build up their views and goals.  There is an example.  When I was young, I decide that I want to be a biologists.  I plan to finish my PhD in my 27 years old.  After 30 years, I realize that it is probably not a life I want because my personality is want to close to people.  Then I decide to  be a teacher and use my entomology background to teach and develop very interesting materials for children.  Finally, I think life is very flexible.  Many people think they have a perfect future plan.  If they want to be success they have to stick on their plan.  I totally agree this point because insist in something is a key for success.  However, you might forget to read your mind carefully when you stick on your only plan.  One of my friend she are very excellent on earth science study.  After she finish her master degree she said I want to be a kid garden    teacher.  She loves those kids and she want to peruse her future in early childhood study.  Now she does a very good job on this field.
    
In brief, what I want to say is planing your future is a good idea.   It might not a best way to plan your future too young.  It may let you clear your goal very early; t may confuse your life also.  I suggest, young people should learn as many as they can then make a good plan which is appropriate for them.
