 Being young is something of a human's  forever dream. When we are young, you are considered to have potential to become anything that you want to be. They have families and teachers who watch out for them to go on a direction they wish to with their lives without any difficulties. Being young means certainly they can have privilege to have faith in them. However, some people just don't go as they planned, and happened to find out where they want to go later in lives. That's why I do not support above statement that we should all be prepared for future plan when we are still young. 
  
Although young ones are expected to have all kinds of resources that he or she needs to make his or her dreams come true, it is not always the case. Some just loose their parents when they are young, or some just does not have such a caring and tender living environment. Considering the fact that children are vulnerable to their environments, they might face unexpected situations so that they could not pursue what they want. Or even if receiving all they need in their childhood, some of them are not just listening to their parents and mentors and turned out to be a bad person. Therefore, we can not really guarantee well planned youth could become successful in the future. 
  
For example, when I was in elementary school, my friend Soojin was from a rich family so she had everything she wanted and was good at school always making their parents happy. However, under her father's influence, she became an analyst in the financing industry. Everything seemed to be fine until she realized that's not what she wanted while loosing pleasure in her own life. After years of struggling, she reentered university to become a elementary school teacher and she is happily ever after than before. 
  
I don support the idea of us being meant to be who we are as long as we have a strong will to carry out during our entire life. It is not like we have to be preset like machine to operate well. In conclusion, we have freedom in our lives to make our lives better and happier.    
