Nowadays, especially in our western culture, reasonably big groups of people definitely put a lot of emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. However, I strongly believe they should not be blamed or critizised for this behavior for several reasons.

First of all, fashion is one way of expressing oneself. It therefore is also an indirect and important form of communication. By dressing a certain way a person might be able to communicate how she feels right now, for example laid back or sexy. On funerals, for instance, people often dress in black, to communicate that they are suffering from loosing a beloved person (this varies from cultur to culture of course).

A second important reason in favour of emphasis on personal appearance and fashion is that it profides the opportunity to show that one is part of a group. Business people dress in a certain way that shows that they are part of that group, sports fans going to a game of their favorite team dress a certain way that helps them recognizing each other and gives them a feeling of unity, and policemen have to dress a certain way, so that everybody knows that they are part of a special group.

The third point I want to make, is that fashion also plays an important economic role. A lot of money is made and a lot of jobs are created because people put much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. Therefore, the economy definitely profits from fashion. The fashion branch is so big because people want all kinds of different clothing. Some prefer to dress in a way that makes them feel important, others put the most emphasis on feeling comfortable in what they wear, then again, some people feel strong about wearing a certain brand while others combine their clothing from many different brands. All these needs and preferences must be met by companys, which leads to a big diversity in fashion brands. This diversity in turn creates a lot of jobs. 

I do not think that people put too much emphasis on fashion and personal appearance because fashion is one way of expressing oneself, it can show that one belongs to a certain group and it plays an important role in the economy.
