It seems to be an obvious trend that people pay more emphasis than necessary on personal lookings and topics related to clothes and fashion. From the mass media to daily talkings, there's overwhelming amount of discussions on such topics. 

If you open the on-line news everytime, at least one of the top ten news about wellknown people, being politics or popstar, is about their dressings. The discussion goes from a mention of what a popstar dress on a certain common daily event to the depth of comparing their accessory style day to day. This is not actually necessary at all because they give trivial information to the aspect of such people we care about. What we hope to see is what they do, e.g. the film they star in, the album they release and maybe their personal style. However, more media news focus on personal appearance of famous people that make readers become attentive on such issues. Stars on the other side become more wary of their looking because they know it will soon become hot topic in the public. Their dress will be ranked more critical than their performance on the Oscar ceremony and they have to spend extra time on it.

Same way, in your daily life, you'll hear people discuss clothes brands and fashion more often than you expect . Girls are more active to chase the latest fashion guided by the media and to a luxrious degree that they keep on moving last season clothes quickly to garbage, which cost a lot of waste. The fact is that sellers make less changes of their clothes style but more willing to release "new" style lines to attract people buying and cause more topics on "what is the latest style"? "Am I in fasion?" If the answer is no, people feel more nervous than ever. I have a friend who used to be less careful about what jewery to wear. But after receiving ads. from a brand seller continously at home mailbox, she become more conscious on jewery and keep on asking me if she wear the appropriate style necklece on a certain event, or if her earring comparable to the fashionalbe style on that ads. 

The reason of it may be the focus of self awareness and less struggle in life. As people feel more comfortable in clothes material they no longer worry about what to dress but how to. It is natural that people care about how they look and try to show difference in looking. But pay too much attention on appearance and fashion waste time and money. Can't you deny that you never peer into news revealing a "fault" of dressing of a popstar everyday and be enlightened? Or following others to a crazzy purchase on a sales day of a brand that you don't need at all but just to show you are in fashion. Yes, people pay too much attention on fashion and deserve more products to ease their tension on how well they look.
