Appearence

What do we see when we first look at a person? As most of us know that our first expresion builds how we are to the ones that are looking at us. I think that we say alot by our appearence, because most of the time we dress by the way we feel. I also agree with the fact that we need to dress certian ways for certian accations. For example, when we watch the nations president we expact him to be nicely dressed and groomed. That shows that he is strong and he can rule the nation. If we look at our president and he is wearing a shirt with holes in it it tells us that he can not take care of him self, and if he can't take care of him self then how can we say that he can rule the nation. Appearence is very important to us when ever we have to come in contact with others whether it is at work or at school.

A person that is looking for a job should always look very plasent. When an employers interviews future employees they pay close attention to the way they are dressed. Ofcourse when we go to apply to a job like fast food restaurant we don't really care to look too proffesional, but when we go to a high class bussness we know that they will only hire people who can first, take care of them selves, and second, take care of what they were hired to do. The employee's appearance says alot about there character.

Going to school I have seen people dressed in anything that you can think of, including short skirts, revialing shirts, see through shirts, and pajamas. One thing that these students don't understand is that their look speaks for them when they are not talking. For example, a girl that came to school in a very short skirt says that she wants attantion from guys. Most of the time if she looks good she will get it with out even asking for it oraly.

From this we can see that what we wear says alot about who we really are on the inside. We have to agree that some procent of the females that are raped were at fault for the concequence, because they liked to show their bodies. We have to understand that people that look at us cant see the inside unless we start talking to then. It is imposible to talk to everyone who looks at us and that is why people that don't know us from the inside conclude who we are from the way we are dressed. We need to look in the mirror and ask ourselves, "What will others see in us?" 