In any society, there are rules that must be followed in order for one to be accepted, and also to function in a particular society.  One of these regulations is the way we dress -our personal appearance.  Nowadays, however,  personal appearances have also become a symbol of status.  Even though the way we dress may be directly influenced by our economic power, social class, and occupation; personal appearance may also be a personal choice.

In the United States, for example, in most contexts (academic, social, leisure) dress codes are informal: people tend to dress casually.  Certainly, there are contexts that demand, or in which it is expected to wear a more formal attire.   Despite the existence of these social conventions and expectations, people would dress in a way in which they feel comfortable.

It is thought that, in a sense, the way we dress reflects our personality and our way of being.  Taking care of the way we look it is a good thing, particularly when this translates into making sure that one is clean.  Although it is socially expected for an individual to present himself in public with a somehow "decent" look, this, however, has taken a different interpretation.  For example, in a classroom setting, traditionally, the norm has been to attend class wearing clean clothes and one being clean, and most importantly, wearing appropriate clothes. Today, however, there are students who would show up to class wearing pijamas and other kinds of sleep clothing.  This phenomenon can also be observed in other contexts such as supermarkets, and even fast-food restaurants.  

Based on the above descriptions, I would argument that there is reason to disagree with the statement that people put too much emphasis on personal appearance.  Nevertheless, it is important to note that these arguments are based on observations on American pop culture.  There may certainly be different societies in other countries that would not follow these descriptions.  In Spain, for example, an effort is always made to present oneself the best way possible when interacting in public.  Spaniards do take particular attention to the clothes they wear, deciding whether or not these clothes would be appropriate for the ocassion, and so on.  Perhaps the way people dress, it can be argued, is influenced by the culture and society.   
