	
As is said that clothes is important for people and the golden cover is important for Buddha, appearance is actually the thing everyone should pay attention to. Although there is an argument recently that people should not put too much emphasis on their personal appearance and fashion, I still think it is necessary. Paying attention to one’s own appearance shows his or her good manner and politeness to the public, good appearance is very important for human’s relations and even in business networks.
	
Dressing nicely is a time and energy consuming task, especially for female, but everyone is still spending time in it, which shows its importance. Having good appearance firstly is for oneself. With good clothes on yourself, you will feel good and confident, which has exactly good effect on your daily study or work. In addition, to that, it is also important for the others, the people who in the surrounding in particular. Good appearance or fashionable dressing shows your respect them. For example, when you are going to your company’s anniversary party, will you go with jeans and t-shirts? If you do, you will definitely be considered bad-mannered and extremely impolite. Obviously, good appearance can never be forgotten.
	
Psychological study says that people naturally like the people who look good. Although we always say” never judge a book by its cover”, it is human’s nature to like beautiful things. Good appearance is definitely important factor in human’s relations. Not only between man and woman, but also among the same sex people, people usually have affection to those who have good appearances and who are nicely dressed.
	
If you have been to some royal hotel or restaurant, have you ever seen someone works in the recipient looks bad? Good appearance and nice dress is also a fundamental part in business, especially for promotion. One of my friends asked me before” is there any ugly girl in Japan? Why I have never seen one when I was there?” All the female works in department stores, restaurants, recipients at banks or even at school looks great all the time in Japan. That is the way Japanese companies attract their customers. Good apperance also works in business.
                
Personal appearance and fashionable dress is necessary in today’s society. It brings yourself confidence and helps your work. It also shows your good manner and politeness to the public. In the term of human’s relations, it is also the first step to get start. What’s more, even in business world, you can never lack good appearance either. 
