I disagree with too mcu emphasis on persoanl apperance and fashion.

Fasions are always atrractive. and Fasion models are so beautiful on TV, magazin, and other comercials. Fashion models are very shin unhealthy way. However, lots of young people, especially girls, want to be like them. As a result, there are some issues in young generations.

I am a woman, so of course I like to see fashion and make-up books or comercials. I buy materials, but sometimes they make me sad because they do not fit on me, or look funny wheh I wear them. However, I won't try to change myself for the materials, for example trying to lose my weight, because I know some materials are not for me. 

In young gerelations, instead, they really care about thier appearance because the media writes or talks about "what should be" all the time. On TV, I can see thousands of comercials about losing weight everyday. Famous musicians are wearing very small clothes, and the media says "she is very sexy." Young generations are kind of mind control by the media, so they think "I should be thin like her."

One day, I saw a photo show that had many women's pictures. These women have eating disorder. There are many reasons that they have had the issue. For example, one girl whose father said to her " you are fat." She did want fatehr to hate her, so she has kept throwing up after every meal. Onther example, a lady whoes classmate said to her "we do not want to hang out beucase you are ugry." After that she dropped off school and stopped eating every meal.

Young generations are very sensitive. maybe for some people, it is not big deal to say "you are fat'" However, for some young generations, it is very painful experience to keep themselves healthy. We should pay extra attentions about saying something about people's appearance.

Also, the media should be changed. Selling products is thier job. I understand that, but if the marketing people are professional, they can find a way to sell products differently. 

In conclusion, I hope comercial products, especially the media, will have more attention for younger generations and use not only beautiful example, but also healthy images for them.  
