The phrase, beauty is only skin deep, has often been used to emphasize that outward appearance is not a true reflection of personal charachter.  Although there exist expressions within many societies that value the beauty of the individual through thoughts and deeds, there has been a shift towards an increasing emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.  Personal appearance has long been an indicator of those individuals that live in society's upper echeleon, however the shift in the past several decades has added fashion as an attainable luxury to many in the working class.  It appears that this emphasis within US society to encourage conspicuous consumption has left many with an urge to spend money and look fashionable.


Religious and cultural teachings around the world often focus on the deeds of an individual.  Whether good actions be undertaken for the sake of religious piety or for preserving cultural norms, there has been a consistent trend throughout history for humans as a whole to focus on their behavior as opposed to their appearance.  However, with this said, there has also been an underlying prefference for beauty, in particular for females.  Fairy tales and heroic stories of the past often portray a damsel unparalled in her beauty.  If she is poor, the end of the story often results in the beauty finding a prince who would lavish gifts of the finest cloth on her.  There has always seemed to be a parallel with beauty and appearance to wealth.  

By looking at the current century, one can note how industrialization has provided a breakdown in class barriers.  The working classes have been able to earn wages, obtain credit, and consumer goods which were once reserved for aristocrats have been made available to the general public at competitive prices.  There has been increased access to media which portrays the "lifestyles of the rich and famous."  People who otherwise were lacking in privilege are now fully aware what it means to have privilege, and what material luxuries accompany privilege.  

For those in the North South gap, they too have access to television and magazines.  These images in part spur the American Dream to immigrate to the US.  The capitalist land where a poor individual can build an economic empire within their lifetime, that's the dream many wish to turn into reality.

Within the US, many people borrow and obtain credit to support a lifestyle which is outside their actual means.  There are constant reports of bankruptcy, sky high debts, and people struggling to pay back what they borrowed.  The question is, where does this money go?  Homes, cars, clothes, makeup, furnishings... all these items fit not only their individual apperance, but rather these comodoties compose their overall individual image.  It is fashionable to be middle class when one is working class.  It is fashionable to wear designer clothes at a young age.  It is fashionable to own the latest electronic devices.  Looks matter.

How you appear may increase or decrease your liklihood of getting a job.  You may attract different individuals which could be your romantic partner.  There is a strong preference within US society to highlight and showcase a beautiful and fashionable person as having it all.  To be beautiful is to be successful.  If one was not born so, our society provides a remedy.  If one is not physically perfect, there's plastic surgery available to inform you what perfection is and what the cost is.  Clothing stores, make up stores, car salesman, electronic gadgets, toy stores, there are entire campaigns to build up the image of each and every one of these industries and there is a high demand for them.

Do people in the current era put an emphasis on personal appearance and fashion?  Yes.  The real question perhaps is what does this mean for our society as a whole, and where will this mentality lead us?
