It can be argued that appearance is important in every day life, including special occasions. The topic of personal appearance is very subjective, in my opinion. I have always been a fan of fashion and I agree with this statement completely. I do believe that people do put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.

First and foremost, many people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion due to the media. The media (television, radio, news, etc.) is prominent in our everyday lives and whether or not we like it, it will be a part of our lives for a long time.  The average person sees an average of 10,000 ads per day and that includes everything from seeing a billboard to a flyer to a TV commercial. For example, commercials alone can convey a certain message, depending on what the company is trying to sell. If Herbal Essences is trying to sell their new line of hair products, they will show a beautiful blonde or brunette woman with flowing, shiny hair. For someone who are not happy with their hair or worry too much about their hair, this can have an effect on them. They might start to buy Herbal's products and use it daily, hoping to achieve a greater hair status.

Magazines are another big source for fashion and appearance. Ads by fashion designers such as Dolce & Gabbana, Prada, and DKNY all showcase women in their respective clothing, portraying a certain image. Some images seductive, others are mysterious. But if it catches a person's eye, they will surely think about how the clothing will fit on them.  Other ads and articles in magazines portray the image that if you don't take care of yourself, bad things can happen, from small things like yellow teeth to cancer from smoking. 

Secondly, we put emphasis on our personal appearance due to our social surroundings. This can be our families (parents, siblings, etc.) to our friends and coworkers. Compliments can make a day and rude looks can ruin a day. So it is important for a person to "look right" to be acceptable in other people's eyes.  I remember when I was a teenager and I always wanted to wearing the latest fashions, even if it is not what my parents wanted me to wear.  Whenever I wore something that my mom didn't like, she would look at me with her almost-scrutinizing eyes and say, "Are you sure you want to wear that?" and I'd say "Yes!" I wanted her approval, but at the same time I wanted my friends' approval. Later, I realized that she was only trying to deter me from looking inappropriate for my age.

As the United States continue to be a technology-oriented country, we will see many different fashion styles frequently in the news, on our iPhones, and in fashion magazines. And we will be affected by them. Not to mention, our families and social circles also play a role. Gaining compliments and approval can be very important to some people.
