How many hours do your sisters or daughters spend to get ready before they go out for date? I am positive that most of women take more than 40 minutes to think what they wear, how they put their make up, becuase i am girl and i took about an hour to get ready before i meet my boyfriend. Then now we can question ourselve what take them so long to get ready? I strongly believe that is because nowadays people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion. 

i believe most of people do not remember how many t-shirts, sweatshirts, jeans, and skirts they have. Tell you the truth how many jeans do we need to survive? may be one?two at the most three but how many jeans do you have? probably more than 6. Then why do we have clothes with unnecesary amount? Is it because we have too much money and out of control? No, that is because we want to find jeans that match with our new sweater. Then why people want to wear the jeans that match with their top?. Obviously that is because we know that if we do not dress well, we would be embarassed and also people would laugh in our back. people do not like to be embarassed and hate when others pull us down with any reasons. Also, nowadays it is true that time to time we decide people by how they are dressed. For example, if man wear a nice black suit, it is easy for us to assume that the man is well educated and professional. However we actually do not know if the man is a professor or a wall mart part time worker untill the man say so. Thus we decide people by how they are dressed and people want to be judged as a nice, good professional person from other people, so they emphasis on their fashion. 

As another example, when i have an exam, i prefere to wear just my comfy pants with sweatshirt but when i wear like that i always hope i do not meet anyone that i know. it is because i always get embarassed when i wear just comfy pants with sweatshirt with big glasses and no make up on, and run into someone who i know. why do i feel embarassing? you think it is because i think i am ugly? no, it is because usually, when i run into someone i know, they do not wear comfy pants with nerdy glasses and no make up. i like to wear nice clothes, and want to be look nice because that is what everyone else look like. 

Thus nowadays people have unnecessary amount of clothes, shoes and purses because people put too much emphasis on personal appearance and fashion.  