I agree that appearance takes too much importance, but I also certainly understand why people emphasize it. When concurrence (in job hunting, in creativity,..) gets so high, people make and see the difference on more irrelevant details. One will think that a person who can put better tastes in his outfit, is certainly someone who is comfortable with interacting around people. One will assume that this person thinks of being looked, appreciated, judged by other co-workers based on her/his appearance, and will probably be better in team-working, because s/he will pay attention at others' opinions. Someone else, who does not care of how s/he looks, will give the impression to be very focused in her/his work, but will be less skilled in communicating with others and appreciating others' input. Then emphasis on personal appearance tells much about someone's social skills, which are important in a professional frame.

Nonetheless I have the impression that people overemphasize it. It is fashion to be creative and different. People try to differentiate themselves by their outer shell. I think this obsession with fashion, appearance and originality misleads people to awkward social interraction. People want to tell too much of them through clothes, make-up, brand accessories and cars. They want to give a lot of information and impression in a symbolic, but not in a verbal way. As a consequence, it seems that people loose the sense of talking and listening, and are moreover very much centered on themselves. Extravagant looks just make me feel that these persons want to impress me. I just think that they don't want to communicate on a equal basis. I am certainly reluctant to communicate with persons who does not "sound" natural to me. 

I am more inclined to adopt an humble, maybe "boring", style as long as I can see that people are comfortable with talking, and working with me. Besides, I would feel terribly guilty to spend tremendous sums of money in outfits. It's true that I am able to go over my budget when I see something that I really want to have, but I do not think that I buy those things in order to impress, but in order to please me.
