If we turn on TV, open an entertainment website or read an entertainment magazine, we would surprisingly found that tons of commercials that are related to personal facial care, fashion and appearance will flood our head. This is not a trend but a reality.

Nowadays people indeed put too much attention on their personal appearance and fashion. Personally, I could not see any negative factors towards this statement.

First, apprearance is a person's wealth gift. We were born with a specific appearance that was our genetic gift. However, this apprearance is very important for social events. Good apprearance and good manners would always leave people good impression, which is well known to everyone. This good impression might in the future help this person a lot. He or she might get a job much easier than others simpily because they gives people good impression due to their good appearance gifts. Good appearance is also related to leadership. This might not be true, but as far as entertainment industry impacts it is common sence. Movies and TV shows like to use people's appearance to demostrate leadership. I can throw an example using the current hot TV show "Prison Break." This is a typical TV show that uses actors and actresses' apprearances to demostrate its story. No doubtlly the director did a good job while relating the appearence to the drama. The appearances of good guys and bad guys are very different so story starts.

Second, taking care of apprearance is a big industry. People could not put attention on apprearance without the big industry behind the curtain. Millions of people's jobs are related to this industry. There are thousands of fancy and eye-ball catching cosmetic products in the market. Aside from that, hospitals are seeking new opportunities for cosmetic surgeries. Therefore, each year this big industry shares a huge portion of the GDP. So in order to improve the employment and make this industry work. Attention on apprearance is acceptable.

All in all, paying attention on personal appearance is harmless to our society. Trying to make good use of this wonderful gift is acceptable and will benefit personal career and our society.
